
# 2008-11-04

Item 28

Ord. to approve a **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Agreement between the City of Omaha and DLR AK5, LLC, a Nebraska limited liability company, providing for **TIF** in the amount of **$1,000,000.00** for development of an office building located at 65th and Frances Streets; and providing for an effective date  see attached (See Doc. # 1443  October 21 and October 28 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on October 28, 2008 published in the Daily Record on October 24, 2008. Ordinance passed November 4, 2008 published in the Daily Record on November 12, 2008. CCID # 1443  Motion by Vokal that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Suttle ROLL CALL: Yeas: Suttle, Thompson, Vokal, Gernandt, Sigerson, Mr. President Absent: Brown ORDINANCE # 38286 PASSED 6-0


Item 49

Res. that the attached Aldi, Inc **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan for the 2.54-acre project study area prepared by the Omaha City Planning Department containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Sections 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, meets the conditions of both a substandard and blighted area as defined by State Statute 18-2103, and is hereby approved as the Redevelopment Plan for the Aldi, Inc **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan Area on Lot 1, Sorensen Corner, Southeast of 30th Street and Sorensen Parkway  see attached. Notice of public hearing on November 25, 2008 published in the Daily Record and Omaha World Herald on November 6 and November 13, 2008. CCID # 1508  Over three weeks to November 25, 2008 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII F.

Item 50

Res. that the attached No Man's Land, LLC Inc **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan, for the 1.59-acre No Man's Land project study area prepared by the Omaha City Planning Department containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Sections 18-2147 through 18-2150 Revised Statutes of Nebraska, meets the conditions of both a substandard and blighted area as defined by State Statute 18-2103 and is hereby approved as the Redevelopment Plan for the No Man's Land, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan Area located east of 24th & Paul Streets at 2320 Paul Street  see attached. Notice of public hearing on November 25, 2008 published in the Daily Record and Omaha World Herald on November 6 and November 13, 2008. CCID # 1517  Over three weeks to November 25, 2008 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII F.


Item 51

Res. that the attached Quad Tech, LLC Inc **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan, for the 10.3-acre BlueCross Centre at Aksarben Village project study area prepared by the Omaha City Planning Department containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Sections 182147 through 18-2150 Revised Statutes of Nebraska, meets the conditions of both a substandard and blighted area as defined by State Statute 18-2103 is hereby approved as the Redevelopment Plan for the Quad Tech, LLC Inc. **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan Area for the BlueCross Centre at Aksarben Village located at 1919 Aksarben Drive at the intersection of Frances Street and Aksarben Drive identified as Lot 3 of Zone 7 and Lot 2 of Zone 8 at Aksarben Village  see attached. Notice of public hearing on November 25, 2008 published in the Daily Record and Omaha World Herald on November 6 and November 13, 2008. CCID # 1518  Over three weeks to November 25, 2008 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII F.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * "PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII H DUE TO NO MEETING BEING HELD NOVEMBER 11, 2008 THE THIRD READING AND PUBLIC HEARINGS ON AGENDA ITEM NOS. 52 THROUGH 57 SHALL BE HELD ON NOVEMBER 25, 2008"

ZONING ORDINANCES ON FIRST READING and Planning Board Attachments 52. Ord. to rezone properties located at 2531 and 2533 North 20th Street from GC-General Commercial District to R5-Urban Family Residential District. CCID # 1510  Publication to be made and public hearing and third reading to be held on November 25, 2008 pursuant to City Council Rule VII H. (a) Planning Board and Planning Department recommend approval of a request to rezone properties located at 2531 and 2533 North 20th Street from GC to R5  see attached. # 1510  Over to 11/25/08 Ord. to rezone property bound by East Locust Street, Avenue "J", 20th Street East and 23rd Street East from HI-Heavy Industrial District to GI-General Industrial District, portions of which property lie within the flood fringe. CCID # 1511  Publication to be made and public hearing and third reading to be held on November 25, 2008 pursuant to City Council Rule VII H.

Item 61

Ord. to approve an Amendment to the **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Loan Agreement with 1308 Jackson DEV, LLC, approved by the City Council of the City of Omaha on May 15, 2008 by Ordinance No. 37737 to increase the amount of **TIF** from **$3,500,000** to **$4,750,000** for the jLofts Condominium Project located within the Omaha Rail and Commerce Historic District at 1308 Jackson Street; and to provide the effective date thereof  see attached. CCID # 1521  Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on November 18, 2008 pursuant to City Council Rule VII H.

Item 62

Ord. approving a **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Loan Agreement between the City of Omaha and Aldi Inc. (Kansas), a Kansas forprofit Corporation, for the rehabilitation of the former residential and commercial area located at Lot 1 Sorensen Corner, southeast of 30th Street and Sorensen Parkway through the development of the 2.54 acre site with a 16,560 sq. ft. Aldi Inc. discount grocery store; the Redevelopment Loan Agreement authorizes **$715,000.00** in **TIF** to be used for site acquisition, demolition, preparation, public improvements and implementing ACI design standards and enhancements; and providing for an effective date  see attached. CCID # 1522  Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on November 18, 2008 pursuant to City Council Rule VII H.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * *

This agenda, which shall be kept continually current, shall be available for public inspection in the Office of the City Clerk, Omaha-Douglas Civic Center, 1819 Farnam, LC 1, Omaha, NE, during normal business hours. All requests for sign language interpreters (signers) will require a minimum of 48 hours advance notice. Alternative formats require a minimum of 72 hours advance notice. Please contact Sandra L. Moses - 444-5552 if arrangements need to be made.

Motion by Gernandt that the City Council Meeting be adjourned Seconded by Welch ROLL CALL: Yeas: Suttle, Thompson, Vokal, Brown, Gernandt, Mr. President Absent: Sigerson Motion Carried 6-0 ADJOURNED: 4:18 P.M.

I, BUSTER BROWN, CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF OMAHA, do hereby certify that the foregoing is a true and correct copy of the proceedings of the Meeting of the City Council of the City of Omaha held on November 4, 2008. WITNESS:

________________________________

__________________________________ CITY CLERK

THE PROCEEDINGS OF THIS MEETING WERE PRESENTED TO MAYOR MIKE FAHEY ON THE 6th DAY OF NOVEMBER, 2008.


# 2008-11-18

Item 49

Ord. to approve an Amendment to the **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Loan Agreement with 1308 Jackson DEV, LLC, approved by the City Council of the City of Omaha on May 15, 2008 by Ordinance No. 37737 to increase the amount of **TIF** from **$3,500,000** to **$4,750,000** for the jLofts Condominium Project located within the Omaha Rail and Commerce Historic District at 1308 Jackson Street; and to provide the effective date thereof  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1521  November 4 Meeting) CCID # 1521  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for November 25, 2008 as per City Charter requirements.

Item 50

Ord. approving a **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Loan Agreement between the City of Omaha and Aldi Inc. (Kansas), a Kansas forprofit Corporation, for the rehabilitation of the former residential and commercial

area located at Lot 1 Sorensen Corner, southeast of 30th Street and Sorensen Parkway through the development of the 2.54 acre site with a 16,560 sq. ft. Aldi Inc. discount grocery store; the Redevelopment Loan Agreement authorizes **$715,000.00** in **TIF** to be used for site acquisition, demolition, preparation, public improvements and implementing ACI design standards and enhancements; and providing for an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  MOTION NEEDED TO LAY OVER THE THIRD READING THREE WEEKS TO DECEMBER 9, 2008 TO COINCIDE WITH THE REDEVELOPMENT PLAN)) (See Doc. # 1522  November 4 Meeting) CCID # 1522  Motion by Vokal that the third reading be laid over 3 weeks to December 9, 2008 to coincide with the Redevelopment plan. Seconded by Gernandt ROLL CALL: Yeas: Thompson, Vokal, Brown, Gernandt, Sigerson, Suttle, Mr. President Motion Carried 7-0 APPEAL RE: BID REJECTION 51. Michael Morris of Thermo King Christensen appeals the rejection of their bid on City of Omaha Filters (Automotive and Truck) received October 1, 2008 due to non-compliance specifications  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  MOTION NEEDED TO ALLOW OR DENY THE APPEAL, AND IF ALLOWED, DIRECT THE DEPARTMENT ACCORDINGLY)) CCID # 1527  Motion by Vokal that the appeal be denied Seconded by Thompson ROLL CALL: Yeas: Thompson, Vokal, Brown, Gernandt, Sigerson, Suttle, Mr. President Motion Carried 7-0 (a) Communication from Pat Burke, City Purchasing Agent, re: bid submitted by Thermo King Christensen for City of Omaha Filters (Automotive and Truck) received October 1, 2008  see attached. #1527  From Chair on File FINANCIAL REPORT 52. Metropolitan Entertainment & Convention Authority Financial Statements and Independent Auditors' Report for the years ended June 30, 2008 and 2007  see attached. ((MOTION NEEDED TO RECEIVE AND PLACE ON FILE)) CCID # 1528  Motion by Gernandt to receive and place on file Seconded by Suttle ROLL CALL: Yeas: Thompson, Vokal, Brown, Gernandt, Sigerson, Suttle, Mr. President Motion Carried 7-0

"PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII H DUE TO NO MEETING BEING HELD DECEMBER 2, 2008 AGENDA ITEM NOS. 53 THROUGH 54 SHALL BE LAID OVER THREE WEEKS TO DECEMBER 9, 2008 FOR PUBLICATION AND PUBLIC HEARING" SPECIAL USE PERMIT  DAY CARE (GENERAL) 53. Res. that the Special Use Permit application submitted by Learning Tree Academy Child Care for permission to allow Day Care Services (General) in an R4(35) District, located at 3036 Curtis Avenue, Omaha, Nebraska, is hereby approved and the Permits and Inspection Division is directed to issue the necessary permit therefor, provided the conditions set out in Exhibit "A" of the above referenced application, conditions set out in Exhibit "B", and all applicable local or state statutes, ordinances or regulations are complied with. That the proposed Special Use Permit has been reviewed and evaluated pursuant to, and meets each of, the criteria set forth in Section 55-885 of the Omaha Municipal Code  see attached. Notice of public hearing on December 9, 2008 published in the Daily Record on November 21, 2008. CCID # 1549  Over three weeks to December 9, 2008 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII H. (a) Planning Board and Planning Department recommend approval of the request of the Learning Tree Academy Child Care for a Special Use Permit to allow Day Care Services (General) in an R4(35) District located at 3036 Curtis Avenue  see attached. # 1549  Over to 12/09/08

SPECIAL USE PERMIT  DEVELOPMENT IN THE NORTH HILLS ENVIRONMENTAL OVERLAY DISTRICT

Item 57

Res. that the attached DEEL Real Estate Investment **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan, prepared by the Omaha City Planning Department, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, be and hereby is approved as the Redevelopment Plan for 18th Street Row House Redevelopment located at 706 South 18th Street  see attached. Notice of public hearing on December 9, 2008 published in the Daily Record and Omaha World Herald on November 20 and November 27, 2008. CCID # 1554  over three weeks to December 9, 2008 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII F.

Item 59

Res. that the attached Storage Canada, LLC, **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for the Brookline Storage Complex Redevelopment Project, prepared by the Omaha City Planning Department, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 182150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, be and hereby is approved as the Redevelopment Plan for Storage Canada, LLC Brookline Storage Complex located at 5328 Center Street. see attached.

Notice of public hearing on December 9, 2008 published in the Daily Record and Omaha World Herald on November 20 and November 27, 2008. CCID # 1555  over three weeks to December 9, 2008 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII F.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * *

"PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII H DUE TO NO MEETING BEING HELD DECEMBER 2, 2008 THE THIRD READING AND PUBLIC HEARING ON AGENDA ITEM NOS. 60 THROUGH 61 SHALL BE HELD ON DECEMBER 9, 2008."

ZONING ORDINANCES ON FIRST READING and Planning Board Attachments


# 2008-11-25

Item 20

Ord. to approve an Amendment to the **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Loan Agreement with 1308 Jackson DEV, LLC, approved by the City Council of the City of Omaha on May 15, 2008 by Ordinance No. 37737 to increase the amount of **TIF** from **$3,500,000** to **$4,750,000** for the jLofts Condominium Project located within the Omaha Rail and Commerce Historic District at 1308 Jackson Street; and to provide the effective date thereof  see attached. (See Doc. # 1521  November 4 and November 18 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on November 18, 2008 published in the Daily Record on November 7, 2008. Ordinance passed November 25, 2008 published in the Daily Record on December 3, 2008. CCID # 1521  Motion by Vokal that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Suttle ROLL CALL: Yeas: Vokal, Brown, Gernandt, Sigerson, Suttle, Thompson, Mr. President ORDINANCE # 38304 PASSED 7-0

Item 39
DOUGLAS COUNTY BOARD OF EQUALIZATION 39. Douglas County Board of Equalization transmits their resolution levying tax rates pursuant to the laws of the State of Nebraska  see attached. ((MOTION NEEDED TO RECEIVE AND REFER TO THE FINANCE DEPARTMENT)) CCID # 1580  Motion by Sigerson to receive and refer to the Finance Department Seconded by Suttle ROLL CALL: Yeas: Vokal, Brown, Gernandt, Sigerson, Suttle, Thompson, Mr. President Motion Carried 7-0 RESOLUTIONS 40. Res. that the attached Aldi, Inc **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan for the 2.54-acre project study area prepared by the Omaha City Planning Department containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Sections 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, meets the conditions of both a substandard and blighted area as defined by State Statute 18-2103, and is hereby approved as the Redevelopment Plan for the Aldi, Inc **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan Area on Lot 1, Sorensen Corner, Southeast of 30th Street and Sorensen Parkway  over from 11/4/08 for publication and Public Hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY - MOTION NEEDED TO LAY OVER 2 WEEKS TO 12/09/08 FOR ADDITIONAL PUBLICATION AND CONTINUE THE PUBLIC HEARING)) (See Doc. # 1508  November 4 Meeting) CCID # 1508 - Motion by Gernandt that the Resolution be laid over two weeks to December 9, 2008 for additional publication and continue the public hearing Seconded by Thompson ROLL CALL: Yeas: Vokal, Brown, Gernandt, Sigerson, Suttle, Thompson, Mr. President Motion Carried 7-0 41. Res. that the attached No Man's Land, LLC Inc **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan, for the 1.59-acre No Man's Land project study area prepared by the Omaha City Planning Department containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Sections 18-2147 through 18-2150 Revised Statutes of Nebraska, meets the conditions of both a substandard and blighted area as defined by State Statute 18-2103 and is hereby approved as the Redevelopment Plan for the No Man's Land, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan Area located east of 24th & Paul Streets at 2320 Paul Street  over from 11/4/08 for publication and Public Hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY - MOTION NEEDED TO LAY OVER 2 WEEKS TO 12/09/08 FOR ADDITIONAL PUBLICATION AND CONTINUE THE PUBLIC HEARING)) (See Doc. # 1517  November 4 Meeting)

CCID # 1517 - Motion by Gernandt that the Resolution be laid over two weeks to December 9, 2008 for additional publication and continue the public hearing Seconded by Thompson ROLL CALL: Yeas: Vokal, Brown, Gernandt, Sigerson, Suttle, Thompson, Mr. President Motion Carried 7-0

Item 42

Res. that the attached Quad Tech, LLC Inc **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan, for the 10.3-acre BlueCross Centre at Aksarben Village project study area prepared by the Omaha City Planning Department containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Sections 182147 through 18-2150 Revised Statutes of Nebraska, meets the conditions of both a substandard and blighted area as defined by State Statute 18-2103 is hereby approved as the Redevelopment Plan for the Quad Tech, LLC Inc. **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan Area for the BlueCross Centre at Aksarben Village located at 1919 Aksarben Drive at the intersection of Frances Street and Aksarben Drive identified as Lot 3 of Zone 7 and Lot 2 of Zone 8 at Aksarben Village  over from 11/4/08 for publication and Public Hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY MOTION NEEDED TO LAY OVER 2 WEEKS TO 12/09/08 FOR ADDITIONAL PUBLICATION AND CONTINUE THE PUBLIC HEARING)) (See Doc. # 1518  November 4 Meeting) CCID # 1518 - Motion by Gernandt that the Resolution be laid over two weeks to December 9, 2008 for additional publication and continue the public hearing Seconded by Thompson ROLL CALL: Yeas: Vokal, Brown, Gernandt, Sigerson, Suttle, Thompson, Mr. President Motion Carried 7-0

Item 64

Res. that the attached Gahm's Block LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan, for the rehabilitation and conversion of the upper floors 2 through 6 in the Gahm Block Building at 1202 Howard Street into 12 market-rate apartments maintaining the street-level commercial usages, prepared by the Omaha City Planning Department containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Sections 18-2147 through 18-2150 Revised Statutes of Nebraska, meets the conditions of a substandard and blighted area as defined by State Statute 18-2103 is hereby approved as the Redevelopment Plan for Gahm's Block LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan Area located at 1202 Howard Street identified as Lot 8, Block 150 South 73.2 ft. 73.2 x 66, original City of Omaha, Douglas County, Nebraska  see attached. CCID # 1604  Over three weeks to December 16, 2008 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII F.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * *


"PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII H DUE TO NO MEETING BEING HELD DECEMBER 2, 2008 THE THIRD READING AND PUBLIC HEARINGS ON AGENDA ITEM NOS. 65 THROUGH 66 SHALL BE HELD ON DECEMBER 16, 2008"

ZONING ORDINANCES ON FIRST READING and Planning Board Attachments

Item 71

Res. that the attached Building 500 LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan, which authorizes **TIF** to facilitate the conversion of the building into a mixed use Residential /Office / Retail/ Rental Condo project in downtown through the reconfiguration, rehabilitation, and redevelopment of the 500 South 18th Street project site providing street-level commercial usages, prepared by the Omaha City Planning Department containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Sections 18-2147 through 18-2150 Revised Statutes of Nebraska, meets the conditions of a substandard and blighted area as defined by State Statute 18-2103 is hereby approved as the Redevelopment Plan for Building 500 LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan Area located at 500 South 18th Street identified as Kountze-E-Reserve, Lot 6, Block 2, South 58.53 ft., Lot 5 and all Lot 6 original City of Omaha, Douglas County, Nebraska  see attached. CCID # 1606 - Over three weeks to December 16, 2008 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII F.

* * * * * * * * * * * * *

This agenda, which shall be kept continually current, shall be available for public inspection in the Office of the City Clerk, Omaha-Douglas Civic Center, 1819 Farnam, LC 1, Omaha, NE, during normal business hours. All requests for sign language interpreters (signers) will require a minimum of 48 hours advance notice. Alternative formats require a minimum of 72 hours advance notice. Please contact Sandra L. Moses - 444-5552 if arrangements need to be made.


Motion by Gernandt that the City Council Meeting be adjourned Seconded by Suttle ROLL CALL: Yeas: Vokal, Brown, Gernandt, Sigerson, Suttle, Thompson, Mr. President Motion Carried 7-0

ADJOURNED:

3:47 P.M.

I, BUSTER BROWN, CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF OMAHA, do hereby certify that the foregoing is a true and correct copy of the proceedings of the Meeting of the City Council of the City of Omaha held on November 25, 2008. WITNESS:

________________________________

__________________________________ CITY CLERK

THE PROCEEDINGS OF THIS MEETING WERE PRESENTED TO MAYOR MIKE FAHEY ON THE 26th DAY OF NOVEMBER, 2008.



# 2008-12-09

Item 30

Res. that the attached Aldi, Inc **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan for the 2.54-acre project study area prepared by the Omaha City Planning Department containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Sections 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, meets the conditions of both a substandard and blighted area as defined by State Statute 18-2103, and is hereby approved as the Redevelopment Plan for the Aldi, Inc **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan Area on Lot 1, Sorensen Corner, Southeast of 30th Street and Sorensen Parkway  over from 11/25/08 for additional publication and continue the Public Hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING CONTINUED TO TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1508  November 4 and November 25 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on November 25, 2008 published in the Omaha World-Herald on November 6, 2008. Notice of public hearing on December 9, 2008 published in the Daily Record and Omaha World-Herald on November 13 and 20, 2008. Motion by Suttle that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Welch ROLL CALL: Yeas: Brown, Gernandt, Sigerson, Suttle, Thompson, Vokal, Mr. President Res # 1508  ADOPTED 7-0


Item 31

Ord. approving a **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Loan Agreement between the City of Omaha and Aldi Inc. (Kansas), a Kansas forprofit Corporation, for the rehabilitation of the former residential and commercial area located at Lot 1 Sorensen Corner, southeast of 30th Street and Sorensen Parkway through the development of the 2.54 acre site with a 16,560 sq. ft. Aldi Inc. discount grocery store; the Redevelopment Loan Agreement authorizes **$715,000.00** in **TIF** to be used for site acquisition, demolition, preparation, public improvements and implementing ACI design standards and enhancements; and providing for an effective date  over from 11/18/08 to coincide with the Redevelopment Plan  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE PASSED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1522  November 4 and November 18 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on December 9, 2008 published in the Daily Record and the Omaha World Herald on November 13, 2008 and November 20, 2008. Ordinance passed December 9, 2008 published in the Daily Record on December 17, 2008. CCID # 1522  Motion by Vokal that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Suttle ROLL CALL: Yeas: Brown, Gernandt, Sigerson, Suttle, Thompson, Vokal, Mr. President ORDINANCE # 38311 PASSED 7-0

Item 42

Res. that the attached No Man's Land, LLC Inc **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan, for the 1.59-acre No Man's Land project study area prepared by the Omaha City Planning Department containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Sections 18-2147 through 18-2150 Revised Statutes of Nebraska, meets the conditions of both a substandard and blighted area as defined by State Statute 18-2103 and is hereby approved as the Redevelopment Plan for the No Man's Land, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan Area located east of 24th & Paul Streets at 2320 Paul Street.  over from 11/25/08 for additional publication and continue the Public Hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING CONTINUED TO TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1517  November 4 and November 25 Meetings) Motion by Vokal that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Welch ROLL CALL: Yeas: Brown, Gernandt, Sigerson, Suttle, Thompson, Vokal, Mr. President Res # 1517  ADOPTED 7-0


Item 43

Res. that the attached Quad Tech, LLC Inc **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan, for the 10.3-acre BlueCross Centre at Aksarben Village project study area prepared by the Omaha City Planning Department containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Sections 182147 through 18-2150 Revised Statutes of Nebraska, meets the conditions of both a substandard and blighted area as defined by State Statute 18-2103 is hereby approved as the Redevelopment Plan for the Quad Tech, LLC Inc. **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan Area for the BlueCross Centre at Aksarben Village located at 1919 Aksarben Drive at the intersection of Frances Street and Aksarben Drive identified as Lot 3 of Zone 7 and Lot 2 of Zone 8 at Aksarben Village.  over from 11/25/08 for additional publication and continue the Public Hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING CONTINUED TO TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1518  November 4 and November 25 Meetings) Don Mohlman, 11422 Miracle Hills Drive, Tetrad Development Corporation, appeared and spoke. Motion by Vokal that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Suttle ROLL CALL: Yeas: Brown, Gernandt, Sigerson, Suttle, Thompson, Vokal, Mr. President Res # 1518  ADOPTED 7-0

Item 44

Res. that the attached DEEL Real Estate Investment **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan, prepared by the Omaha City Planning Department, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, be and hereby is approved as the Redevelopment Plan for 18th Street Row House Redevelopment located at 706 South 18th Street  over from 11/18/08 for publication and Public Hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1554  November 18 Meeting) Jennifer Taylor, 8712 Dodge Street, appeared and spoke on behalf of the applicant. Motion by Suttle that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Thompson ROLL CALL: Yeas: Brown, Gernandt, Sigerson, Suttle, Thompson, Vokal, Mr. President Res # 1554  ADOPTED 7-0


Item 46

Res. that the attached Storage Canada, LLC, **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for the Brookline Storage Complex Redevelopment Project, prepared by the Omaha City Planning Department, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 182150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, be and hereby is approved as the Redevelopment Plan for Storage Canada, LLC Brookline Storage Complex located at 5328 Center Street  over from 11/18/08 for publication and Public Hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)). (See Doc. # 1555  November 18 Meeting) Motion by Vokal that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Suttle ROLL CALL: Yeas: Brown, Gernandt, Sigerson, Suttle, Thompson, Vokal, Mr. President Res # 1555  ADOPTED 7-0

Item 58

Ord. approving a Redevelopment Agreement between the City of Omaha and DEEL Investments, LLC including **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) in the amount of **$180,000.00** for the rehabilitation and construction of six for sale row house style residential units, including off street and underground parking areas located at 706 South 18th Street; and providing for an effective date  see attached. CCID # 1617  Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on December 16, 2008 as per City Charter requirements.

Item 59

Ord. to approve a **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Agreement ("Agreement") entered into by and between the CITY OF OMAHA, NEBRASKA, a Nebraska municipal corporation in Douglas County, Nebraska (the "City") and QUADTECH, LLC, a Nebraska limited liability company ("Developer") for the development of an office building located at 1919 Aksarben Drive at the intersection of Frances Street and Aksarben Drive identified as Lots 2 and 3, Aksarben Village Replat 5, an Addition to the City of Omaha, Douglas County, Nebraska (Lot 3 to be replatted as Lots 1, 2 and 3, Aksarben Village Replat 9, an Addition to the City of Omaha, Douglas County, Nebraska), together with any now or hereafter vacated right of way adjoining such lots; and providing for an effective date  see attached. CCID # 1618  Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on December 16, 2008 as per City Charter requirements.

Item 60

Ord. approving a Redevelopment Agreement between the City of Omaha and Storage Canada, LLC including **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) in the amount of **$420,000.00** for the rehabilitation of a site through the construction of 695 electronically and environmentally controlled storage units located at 5328 Center Street; and providing for an effective date  see attached. CCID # 1619  Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on December 16, 2008 as per City Charter requirements.


# 2008-12-16

Item 46

Ord. approving a Redevelopment Agreement between the City of Omaha and DEEL Investments, LLC including **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) in the amount of **$180,000.00** for the rehabilitation and construction of six for sale row house style residential units, including off street and underground parking areas located at 706 South 18th Street; and providing for an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1617  December 9 Meeting) CCID # 1617  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for December 23, 2008 as per City Charter requirements.

Item 47

Ord. to approve a **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Agreement ("Agreement") entered into by and between the CITY OF OMAHA, NEBRASKA, a Nebraska municipal corporation in Douglas County, Nebraska (the "City") and QUADTECH, LLC, a Nebraska limited liability company ("Developer") for the development of an office building located at 1919 Aksarben Drive at the intersection of Frances Street and Aksarben Drive identified as Lots 2 and 3, Aksarben Village Replat 5, an Addition to the City of Omaha, Douglas County, Nebraska (Lot 3 to be replatted as Lots 1, 2 and 3, Aksarben Village Replat 9, an Addition to the City of Omaha, Douglas County, Nebraska), together with any now or hereafter vacated right of way adjoining such lots; and providing for an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1618  December 9 Meeting) Bob Peters, 3552 Farnam Street, appeared and spoke. CCID # 1618  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for December 23, 2008 as per City Charter requirements.

Item 48

Ord. approving a Redevelopment Agreement between the City of Omaha and Storage Canada, LLC including **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) in the amount of **$420,000.00** for the rehabilitation of a site through the construction of 695 electronically and environmentally controlled storage units located at 5328 Center Street; and providing for an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1619  December 9 Meeting) CCID # 1619  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for December 23, 2008 as per City Charter requirements.


Item 53
RESOLUTIONS 53. Res. that the attached Gahm's Block LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan, for the rehabilitation and conversion of the upper floors 2 through 6 in the Gahm Block Building at 1202 Howard Street into 12 market-rate apartments maintaining the street-level commercial usages, prepared by the Omaha City Planning Department containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Sections 18-2147 through 18-2150 Revised Statutes of Nebraska, meets the conditions of a substandard and blighted area as defined by State Statute 18-2103 is hereby approved as the Redevelopment Plan for Gahm's Block LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan Area located at 1202 Howard Street identified as Lot 8, Block 150 South 73.2 ft. 73.2 x 66, original City of Omaha, Douglas County, Nebraska  over from 11/25/08 for publication and Public Hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1604  November 25 Meeting) CCID # 1604 - Motion by Vokal that the Resolution be laid over four weeks to January 13, 2009 and continue the public hearing Seconded by Brown ROLL CALL: Yeas: Gernandt, Sigerson, Suttle, Thompson, Vokal, Brown, Mr. President Motion Carried 7-0

Item 54

Res. that the attached Building 500 LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan, which authorizes **TIF** to facilitate the conversion of the building into a mixed use Residential /Office / Retail/ Rental Condo project in downtown through the reconfiguration, rehabilitation, and redevelopment of the 500 South 18th Street project site providing street-level commercial usages, prepared by the Omaha City Planning Department containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Sections 18-2147 through 18-2150 Revised Statutes of Nebraska, meets the conditions of a substandard and blighted area as defined by State Statute 18-2103 is hereby approved as the Redevelopment Plan for Building 500 LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan Area located at 500 South 18th Street identified as Kountze-E-Reserve, Lot 6, Block 2, South 58.53 ft., Lot 5 and all Lot 6 original City of Omaha, Douglas County, Nebraska  over from 11/25/08 for publication and Public Hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1606  November 25 Meeting) Mike Boyle, 1106 Howard Street, Attorney for the applicant, appeared and spoke. Motion by Vokal that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Gernandt ROLL CALL: Yeas: Gernandt, Sigerson, Suttle, Thompson, Vokal, Brown, Mr. President Res # 1606  ADOPTED 7-0

Item 56

Res. that the attached Bakers Supply Ltd **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan, prepared by the Omaha City Planning Department, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, be and hereby is approved as the Redevelopment Plan for the expanded development of the existing Bakers Supply building to provide additional medical office space, general office space, and twelve (12) loft-style apartments located at 1307 and 1309 Leavenworth Street  see attached CCID # 1674  Over four weeks to January 13, 2009 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII H.


Item 57

Res. that the attached Zone 5, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan, prepared by the Omaha City Planning Department, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, be and hereby is approved as the Redevelopment Plan for an entertainment center containing a movie theater, retail shopping, freestanding bar/patio, and parking located on Aksarben Village Replat 8 Lots 2 and 3 at 67th Street and Frances Street  see attached. CCID # 1673  Over four weeks to January 13, 2009 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII H.

"PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII H DUE TO NO MEETINGS BEING HELD DECEMBER 30, 2008 AND JANUARY 6, 2009 THE THIRD READING AND PUBLIC HEARINGS ON AGENDA ITEM NOS. 58 THROUGH 59 SHALL BE HELD ON JANUARY 13, 2009" ZONING ORDINANCES ON FIRST READING and Planning Board Attachments

Item 61

Ord. approving a Redevelopment Agreement between the City of Omaha, a Nebraska Municipal Corporation and Building 500, LLC, which authorizes **Tax Increment Financing** in the amount of **$844,000.00** for the rehabilitation of the project site located at 500 South 18th Street for the conversion of the building into a mixed-use Residential/Office/Retail/Rental Condo project in downtown through the reconfiguration, rehabilitation, and redevelopment and providing street-level commercial uses; authorizing the execution of any other necessary documents in connection with the Redevelopment Agreement or appropriate to consummate the loan; and providing for an effective date  see attached. CCID # 1682  Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on December 23, 2008 as per City Charter requirements.

Item 62

Ord. approving a Redevelopment Agreement between the City of Omaha, Nebraska and Gahm's Block, LLC, which authorizes **Tax Increment Financing** in the amount of **$456,187.00** for the rehabilitation of the project site located at 1202 Howard Street for the rehabilitation and conversion of the upper floors 2 through 6 of the building into market-rate apartments and to continue the commercial uses currently in place on the main floor; authorizing the execution of any other necessary documents in connection with the Redevelopment Agreement or appropriate to consummate the loan; and providing for an effective date  see attached. CCID # 1681  Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on December 23, 2008 as per City Charter requirements.

Item 63

Ord. approving a Redevelopment Agreement between the City of Omaha, Nebraska and No Man's Land, LLC, which authorizes **Tax Increment Financing** in the amount of **$293,500.00** for the rehabilitation of the project site located at 2320 Paul Street in the North Omaha Business Park for the development of a 20,000 square feet office and operations building with related improvements; authorizing the execution of any other necessary documents in connection with the Redevelopment Agreement or appropriate to consummate the loan; and providing for an effective date  see attached. CCID # 1657  Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on December 23, 2008 as per City Charter requirements.



# 2008-12-23

Item 21

Ord. approving a Redevelopment Agreement between the City of Omaha and DEEL Investments, LLC including **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) in the amount of **$180,000.00** for the rehabilitation and construction of six for sale row house style residential units, including off street and underground parking areas located at 706 South 18th Street; and providing for an effective date  see attached. (See Doc. # 1617  December 9 and December 16 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on December 16, 2008 published in the Daily Record on December 12, 2008. Ordinance passed December 23, 2008 published in the Daily Record on December 31, 2008. CCID # 1617  Motion by Gernandt that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Suttle ROLL CALL: Yeas: Sigerson, Suttle, Thompson, Vokal, Brown, Gernandt, Mr. President ORDINANCE # 38328 PASSED 7-0

Item 22

Ord. to approve a **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Agreement ("Agreement") entered into by and between the CITY OF OMAHA, NEBRASKA, a Nebraska municipal corporation in Douglas County, Nebraska (the "City") and QUADTECH, LLC, a Nebraska limited liability company ("Developer") for the development of an office building located at 1919 Aksarben Drive at the intersection of Frances Street and Aksarben Drive identified as Lots 2 and 3, Aksarben Village Replat 5, an Addition to the City of Omaha, Douglas County, Nebraska (Lot 3 to be replatted as Lots 1, 2 and 3, Aksarben Village Replat 9, an Addition to the City of Omaha, Douglas County, Nebraska), together with any now or hereafter vacated right of way adjoining such lots; and providing for an effective date  see attached. (See Doc. # 1618  December 9 and December 16 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on December 16, 2008 published in the Daily Record on December 12, 2008. Ordinance passed December 23, 2008 published in the Daily Record on December 31, 2008. CCID # 1618  Motion by Gernandt that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Suttle ROLL CALL: Yeas: Sigerson, Suttle, Thompson, Vokal, Brown, Gernandt, Mr. President ORDINANCE # 38329 PASSED 7-0


Item 23

Ord. approving a Redevelopment Agreement between the City of Omaha and Storage Canada, LLC including **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) in the amount of **$420,000.00** for the rehabilitation of a site through the construction of 695 electronically and environmentally controlled storage units located at 5328 Center Street; and providing for an effective date  see attached. (See Doc. # 1619  December 9 and December 16 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on December 16, 2008 published in the Daily Record on December 12, 2008. Ordinance passed December 23, 2008 published in the Daily Record on December 31, 2008. CCID # 1619  Motion by Gernandt that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Suttle ROLL CALL: Yeas: Sigerson, Suttle, Thompson, Vokal, Brown, Gernandt, Mr. President ORDINANCE # 38330 PASSED 7-0

Item 40

Ord. approving a Redevelopment Agreement between the City of Omaha, a Nebraska Municipal Corporation and Building 500, LLC, which authorizes **Tax Increment Financing** in the amount of **$844,000.00** for the rehabilitation of the project site located at 500 South 18th Street for the conversion of the building into a mixed-use Residential/Office/Retail/Rental Condo project in downtown through the reconfiguration, rehabilitation, and redevelopment and providing street-level commercial uses; authorizing the execution of any other necessary documents in connection with the Redevelopment Agreement or appropriate to consummate the loan; and providing for an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1682  December 16 Meeting) CCID # 1682  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for January 13, 2009 pursuant to City Council Rule VII H.

Item 41

Ord. approving a Redevelopment Agreement between the City of Omaha, Nebraska and Gahm's Block, LLC, which authorizes **Tax Increment Financing** in the amount of **$456,187.00** for the rehabilitation of the project site located at 1202 Howard Street for the rehabilitation and conversion of the upper floors 2 through 6 of the building into market-rate apartments and to continue the commercial uses currently in place on the main floor; authorizing the execution of any other necessary documents in connection with the Redevelopment Agreement or appropriate to consummate the loan; and providing for an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1681  December 16 Meeting) CCID # 1681  Motion by Thompson that the third reading be laid over three weeks to January 13, 2009 and continue the public hearing Seconded by Suttle ROLL CALL: Yeas: Suttle, Thompson, Vokal, Brown, Gernandt, Mr. President Absent: Sigerson Motion Carried 6-0

Item 42

Ord. approving a Redevelopment Agreement between the City of Omaha, Nebraska and No Man's Land, LLC, which authorizes **Tax Increment Financing** in the amount of **$293,500.00** for the rehabilitation of the project site located at 2320 Paul Street in the North Omaha Business Park for the development of a 20,000 square feet office and operations building with related improvements; authorizing the execution of any other necessary documents in connection with the Redevelopment Agreement or appropriate to consummate the loan; and providing for an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1657  December 16 Meeting) Scott Bowen, 1208 Howard Street, appeared and spoke. CCID # 1657  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for January 13, 2009 pursuant to City Council Rule VII H.

