All mentions of "TIF" in all available journals.

* [Source code](https://github.com/opennebraska/pri-tif/tree/master/cityofomaha.org)
* [All PDF, text files in Dropbox](https://www.dropbox.com/sh/lb1kwtfou7b2kg4/AACAZrrrBOnzRUmgK6ek14a1a?dl=0)



# 2009-01-13

Item 20

Ord. approving a Redevelopment Agreement between the City of Omaha, a Nebraska Municipal Corporation and Building 500, LLC, which authorizes **Tax Increment Financing** in the amount of **$844,000.00** for the rehabilitation of the project site located at 500 South 18th Street for the conversion of the building into a mixed-use Residential/Office/Retail/Rental Condo project in downtown through the reconfiguration, rehabilitation, and redevelopment and providing street-level commercial uses; authorizing the execution of any other necessary documents in connection with the Redevelopment Agreement or appropriate to consummate the loan; and providing for an effective date  see attached. (See Doc. # 1682  December 16 and December 23 Meetings)

Notice of public hearing on December 23, 2008 published in the Daily Record on December 19, 2008. Ordinance passed January 13, 2009 published in the Daily Record on January 21, 2009.

CCID # 1682  Motion by Vokal that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Welch ROLL CALL: Yeas: Vokal, Brown, Gernandt, Mr. President Absent: Sigerson, Suttle, Thompson ORDINANCE # 38337 PASSED 4-0

Item 21

Ord. approving a Redevelopment Agreement between the City of Omaha, Nebraska and No Man's Land, LLC, which authorizes **Tax Increment Financing** in the amount of **$293,500.00** for the rehabilitation of the project site located at 2320 Paul Street in the North Omaha Business Park for the development of a 20,000 square feet office and operations building with related improvements; authorizing the execution of any other necessary documents in connection with the Redevelopment Agreement or appropriate to consummate the loan; and providing for an effective date  see attached. (See Doc. # 1657  December 16 and December 23 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on December 23, 2008 published in the Daily Record on December 19, 2008. Ordinance passed January 13, 2009 published in the Daily Record on January 21, 2009. CCID # 1657  Motion by Vokal that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Welch ROLL CALL: Yeas: Vokal, Brown, Gernandt, Mr. President Absent: Sigerson, Suttle, Thompson ORDINANCE # 38338 PASSED 4-0

Item 44

Res. that the attached Gahm's Block LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan, for the rehabilitation and conversion of the upper floors 2 through 6 in the Gahm Block Building at 1202 Howard Street into 12 market-rate apartments maintaining the street-level commercial usages, prepared by the Omaha City Planning Department containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Sections 18-2147 through 18-2150 Revised Statutes of Nebraska, meets the conditions of a substandard and blighted area as defined by State Statute 18-2103 is hereby approved as the Redevelopment Plan for Gahm's Block LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan Area located at 1202 Howard Street identified as Lot 8, Block 150 South 73.2 ft. 73.2 x 66, original City of Omaha, Douglas County, Nebraska  over from 12/16/08 and continue the Public Hearing  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING CONTINUED TO TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1604  November 25 and December 16 Meetings)

Notice of public hearing on December 16, 2008 published in the Daily Record and the Omaha World Herald November 27, 2008 and December 4, 2008. CCID # 1604 - Motion by Vokal that the Resolution be laid over two weeks to January 27, 2009 and continue the public hearing Seconded by Welch ROLL CALL: Yeas: Suttle, Vokal, Gernandt, Mr. President Absent: Brown, Sigerson, Thompson Motion Carried 4-0 (a) Communication from Jennifer Taylor, representing the opposition, requesting that agenda items no. 44 & 45 re: the Gahm-Block LLC **TIF** Redevelopment Project be laid over 2 weeks to January 27, 2009 and continue the public hearing  see attached. # 1604  From Chair on File

Item 45

Ord. approving a Redevelopment Agreement between the City of Omaha, Nebraska and Gahm's Block, LLC, which authorizes **Tax Increment Financing** in the amount of **$456,187.00** for the rehabilitation of the project site located at 1202 Howard Street for the rehabilitation and conversion of the upper floors 2 through 6 of the building into market-rate apartments and to continue the commercial uses currently in place on the main floor; authorizing the execution of any other necessary documents in connection with the Redevelopment Agreement or appropriate to consummate the loan; and providing for an effective date  over from 12/16/08 and continue the Public Hearing  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING CONTINUED TO TODAY  CAN BE PASSED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1681  December 16 and December 23 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on December 23, 2008 published in the Daily Record on December 19, 2008. Ordinance passed January 13, 2009 published in the Daily Record on January 21, 2009. CCID # 1681  Motion by Vokal that the Ordinance be laid over 2 weeks to January 27, 2009 and continue the public hearing. Seconded by Welch ROLL CALL: Yeas: Suttle, Vokal, Gernandt, Mr. President Absent: Brown, Sigerson, Thompson Motion Carried 4-0

COUNCILMEMBER BROWN RE-ENTERS THE LEGISLATIVE CHAMBERS

RESOLUTIONS

Item 46

Res. that the attached Bakers Supply Ltd **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan, prepared by the Omaha City Planning Department, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, be and hereby is approved as the Redevelopment Plan for the expanded development of the existing Bakers Supply building to provide additional medical office space, general office space, and twelve (12) loft-style apartments located at 1307 and 1309 Leavenworth Street  over from 12/16/08 for publication and Public Hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1674  December 16 Meeting) Larry Jobeun, 11440 West Center Road, Attorney for Bakers Supply Ltd, appeared and spoke. Motion by Gernandt that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Welch ROLL CALL: Yeas: Suttle, Vokal, Brown, Gernandt, Mr. President Absent: Sigerson, Thompson Res # 1674  ADOPTED 5-0

Item 47

Res. that the attached Zone 5, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan, prepared by the Omaha City Planning Department, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, be and hereby is approved as the Redevelopment Plan for an entertainment center containing a movie theater, retail shopping, freestanding bar/patio, and parking located on Aksarben Village Replat 8 Lots 2 and 3 at 67th Street and Frances Street  over from 12/16/08 for publication and Public Hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1673  December 16 Meeting) Motion by Vokal that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Brown ROLL CALL: Yeas: Suttle, Vokal, Brown, Gernandt, Mr. President Absent: Sigerson, Thompson Res # 1673  ADOPTED 5-0


Item 54

Res. that the attached 2566 Leavenworth, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan, prepared by the Omaha City Planning Department, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, including **tax increment financing** in the amount of **$171,299.00** be and hereby is approved as the Redevelopment Plan for the 2566 Leavenworth, LLC Redevelopment Project site located at 2562 Leavenworth Street  see attached. CCID # 31  Over three weeks to February 3, 2009 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII F.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * *

"PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII H DUE TO NO MEETING BEING HELD JANUARY 20, 2009 THE THIRD READING AND PUBLIC HEARINGS ON AGENDA ITEM NOS. 55 THROUGH 56 SHALL BE HELD ON FEBRUARY 3, 2009"

ZONING ORDINANCES ON FIRST READING and Planning Board Attachments Ord. to rezone property located Northeast of 10th and Pierce Streets from HI-Heavy Industrial District to NBD-Neighborhood Business District.


# 2009-01-27

Item 37

Res. that the attached Gahm's Block LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan, for the rehabilitation and conversion of the upper floors 2 through 6 in the Gahm Block Building at 1202 Howard Street into 12 market-rate apartments maintaining the street-level commercial usages, prepared by the Omaha City Planning Department containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Sections 18-2147 through 18-2150 Revised Statutes of Nebraska, meets the conditions of a substandard and blighted area as defined by State Statute 18-2103 is hereby approved as the Redevelopment Plan for Gahm's Block LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan Area located at 1202 Howard Street identified as Lot 8, Block 150 South 73.2 ft. 73.2 x 66, original City of Omaha, Douglas County, Nebraska  over from 01/13/09 and continue the Public Hearing  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING CONTINUED TO TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1604  November 25, December 16 and January 13 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on December 16, 2008 published in the Daily Record on November 27, 2008 and December 4, 2008.

Scott Bowen, 1208 Howard Street, appeared and spoke. Motion by Vokal that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Suttle ROLL CALL: Yeas: Thompson, Vokal, Brown, Gernandt, Sigerson, Suttle, Mr. President Res # 1604  ADOPTED 7-0 (a) Communication from Scott Bowen, representing the 1208 Howard Street Condominium Association, expressing support of agenda items no. 37 and 38 re: the Gahm Block LLC **TIF** Redevelopment Project  see attached. # 1604  From Chair on File

Item 38

Ord. approving a Redevelopment Agreement between the City of Omaha, Nebraska and Gahm's Block, LLC, which authorizes **Tax Increment Financing** in the amount of **$456,187.00** for the rehabilitation of the project site located at 1202 Howard Street for the rehabilitation and conversion of the upper floors 2 through 6 of the building into market-rate apartments and to continue the commercial uses currently in place on the main floor; authorizing the execution of any other necessary documents in connection with the Redevelopment Agreement or appropriate to consummate the loan; and providing for an effective date  over from 01/13/09 and continue the Public Hearing  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING CONTINUED TO TODAY  CAN BE PASSED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1681  December 16, December 23 and January 13 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on December 23, 2008 published in the Daily Record on December 19, 2008. Ordinance passed January 27, 2009 published in the Daily Record on February 4, 2009. Scott Bowen, 1208 Howard Street, appeared and spoke. CCID # 1681  Motion by Vokal that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Suttle ROLL CALL: Yeas: Thompson, Vokal, Brown, Gernandt, Sigerson, Suttle, Mr. President ORDINANCE # 38345 PASSED 7-0

"PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII D THE PUBLIC HEARINGS ON AGENDA ITEM NOS. 39 THROUGH 40 SHALL BE HELD ON THE THIRD READING"


ZONING ORDINANCES ON SECOND READING Ord. to rezone property located Northeast of 10th and Pierce Streets from HI-Heavy Industrial District to NBD-Neighborhood Business District. (See Doc. # 33  January 13 Meeting) CCID # 33  ORDINANCE ON SECOND READING  Final reading to be held February 3, 2009 as per City Charter requirements.


# 2009-02-03

Item 29

Res that the attached 2566 Leavenworth, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan, prepared by the Omaha City Planning Department, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, including **tax increment financing** in the amount of **$171,299.00** be and hereby is approved as the Redevelopment Plan for the 2566 Leavenworth, LLC Redevelopment Project site located at 2562 Leavenworth Street  over from 01/13/09 for publication and Public Hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 31  January 13 Meeting) Notice of public hearing on February 3, 2009 published in the Daily Record and the Omaha World Herald on January 15, 2009 and January 22, 2009.

Motion by Suttle that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Welch ROLL CALL: Yeas: Vokal, Brown, Gernandt, Sigerson, Suttle, Thompson, Mr. President Res # 31  ADOPTED 7-0

"PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII D THE PUBLIC HEARING ON AGENDA ITEM NO. 30 SHALL BE HELD ON THE THIRD READING"

ZONING ORDINANCE ON SECOND READING Ord. to rezone property located Southeast of 30th Street and Sorensen Parkway from R5(35)-Urban Family Residential District and GI-General Industrial District to CC-Community Commercial District. (See Doc. # 51  January 27 Meeting) CCID # 51  ORDINANCE ON SECOND READING  Final reading to be held February 10, 2009 as per City Charter requirements.


# 2009-02-24

Item 64

Ord. approving a **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Loan Agreement between the City of Omaha and Bakers Supply LLC, for the expanded development of the existing Bakers Supply building, located at 1307 and 1309 Leavenworth Street, to provide additional medical/general office space and develop twelve (12) loft-style apartments; the Redevelopment Agreement implements the Bakers Supply Redevelopment Project Plan and approves **TIF** in the amount of **$387,540.00**; and providing for an effective date  see attached. CCID # 176  Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on March 3, 2009 as per City Charter requirements.

Item 65

Ord. to approve an Amendment to the **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Loan Agreement with T.S. McShane Limited Partnership, 11319 Chicago Circle, approved by the City Council of the City of Omaha on December 14, 2004 by Ordinance No. 36886; the Amendment increases the amount of **TIF** from **$1,000,000.00** to **$1,150,000.00** for the P.E. Iler Building Project located at 1113 Howard Street within the Omaha Rail and Commerce Historic District and amends the completion date to December 31, 2009; and to provide the effective date thereof  see attached. CCID # 150  Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on March 3, 2009 as per City Charter requirements.


# 2009-03-03

Item 51

Ord. approving a **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Loan Agreement between the City of Omaha and Bakers Supply LLC, for the expanded development of the existing Bakers Supply building, located at 1307 and 1309 Leavenworth Street, to provide additional medical/general office space and develop twelve (12) loft-style apartments; the Redevelopment Agreement implements the Bakers Supply Redevelopment Project Plan and approves **TIF** in the amount of **$387,540.00**; and providing for an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 176  February 24 Meeting) Larry Jobeun, Fullenkamp Doyle and Jobeun, 11440 West Center Road, appeared and spoke. CCID # 176  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for March 10, 2009 as per City Charter requirements.


Item 52

Ord. to approve an Amendment to the **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Loan Agreement with T.S. McShane Limited Partnership, 11319 Chicago Circle, approved by the City Council of the City of Omaha on December 14, 2004 by Ordinance No. 36886; the Amendment increases the amount of **TIF** from **$1,000,000.00** to **$1,150,000.00** for the P.E. Iler Building Project located at 1113 Howard Street within the Omaha Rail and Commerce Historic District and amends the completion date to December 31, 2009; and to provide the effective date thereof  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 150  February 24 Meeting) CCID # 150  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for March 10, 2009 as per City Charter requirements.

Item 64

Res. that the attached Forest Hills Properties, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan for the 19,344 square feet project study area prepared by the Omaha City Planning Department containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes in an amount up to **$560,000.00** under Sections 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, meets the conditions of both a substandard and blighted area as defined by State Statute 18-2103, and is hereby approved as the Redevelopment Plan for the Forest Hills Properties, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan Area for the redevelopment of The Dunsany at 10th and Pierce addressed as 1113 South 10th Street  see attached. CCID # 212  Over three weeks to March 24, 2009 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII F.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVE SESSION


# 2009-03-10

Item 28

Ord. approving a **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Loan Agreement between the City of Omaha and Bakers Supply LLC, for the expanded development of the existing Bakers Supply building, located at 1307 and 1309 Leavenworth Street, to provide additional medical/general office space and develop twelve (12) loft-style apartments; the Redevelopment Agreement implements the Bakers Supply Redevelopment Project Plan and approves **TIF** in the amount of **$387,540.00**; and providing for an effective date  see attached. (See Doc. # 176  February 24 and March 3 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on March 3, 2009 published in the Daily Record on February 27, 2009. Ordinance passed on March 10, 2009 published in the Daily Record on March 18, 2009. CCID # 176  Motion by Brown that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Welch ROLL CALL: Yeas: Suttle, Thompson, Brown, Gernandt, Sigerson, Mr. President Absent: Vokal ORDINANCE # 38380 PASSED 6-0


Item 29

Ord. to approve an Amendment to the **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Loan Agreement with T.S. McShane Limited Partnership, 11319 Chicago Circle, approved by the City Council of the City of Omaha on December 14, 2004 by Ordinance No. 36886; the Amendment increases the amount of **TIF** from **$1,000,000.00** to **$1,150,000.00** for the P.E. Iler Building Project located at 1113 Howard Street within the Omaha Rail and Commerce Historic District and amends the completion date to December 31, 2009; and to provide the effective date thereof  see attached. (See Doc. # 150  February 24 and March 3 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on March 3, 2009 published in the Daily Record on February 27, 2009. Ordinance passed on March 10, 2009 published in the Daily Record on March 18, 2009. CCID # 150  Motion by Brown that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Welch ROLL CALL: Yeas: Suttle, Thompson, Brown, Gernandt, Sigerson, Mr. President Absent: Vokal ORDINANCE # 38381 PASSED 6-0

AGENDA ITEM NO. 30 REMOVED FROM THE CONSENT AGENDA AT THE REQUEST OF THE CITY CLERK


# 2009-03-24

Item 30

Res. that the attached Forest Hills Properties, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan for the 19,344 square feet project study area prepared by the Omaha City Planning Department containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes in an amount up to **$560,000.00** under Sections 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, meets the conditions of both a substandard and blighted area as defined by State Statute 18-2103, and is hereby approved as the Redevelopment Plan for the Forest Hills Properties, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan Area for the redevelopment of The Dunsany at 10th and Pierce addressed as 1113 South 10th Street  over from 03/03/09 for publication and Public Hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 212  March 3 Meeting) Sylvester Orsi appeared and spoke. Motion by Gernandt that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Suttle ROLL CALL: Yeas: Vokal, Brown, Gernandt, Sigerson, Suttle, Thompson, Mr. President Res # 212  ADOPTED 7-0

ORDINANCES ON SECOND READING

Item 44
ORDINANCES ON FIRST READING 44. Ord. approving a Redevelopment Agreement between the City of Omaha, Nebraska and Forest Hills Properties, LLC, providing for the rehabilitation and conversion of "The Dunsany", a historic apartment building, into 18 residential condominiums and 1 retail condominium located at the intersection of 10th and Pierce Streets; the Redevelopment Agreement authorizes **$560,000.00** in **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) to be used for site acquisition, demolition, preparation, public improvements and implementing ACI Design Standards and enhancements; and providing for an effective date  see attached. CCID # 285  Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on March 31, 2009 as per City Charter requirements.


# 2009-03-31

Item 41

Ord. approving a Redevelopment Agreement between the City of Omaha, Nebraska and Forest Hills Properties, LLC, providing for the rehabilitation and conversion of "The Dunsany", a historic apartment building, into 18 residential condominiums and 1 retail condominium located at the intersection of 10th and Pierce Streets; the Redevelopment Agreement authorizes **$560,000.00** in **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) to be used for site acquisition, demolition, preparation, public improvements and implementing ACI Design Standards and enhancements; and providing for an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 285  March 24 Meeting) CCID # 285  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for April 14, 2009 pursuant to City Council Rule VII H.


# 2009-04-14

Item 28

Ord. approving a Redevelopment Agreement between the City of Omaha, Nebraska and Forest Hills Properties, LLC, providing for the rehabilitation and conversion of "The Dunsany", a historic apartment building, into 18 residential condominiums and 1 retail condominium located at the intersection of 10th and Pierce Streets; the Redevelopment Agreement authorizes **$560,000.00** in **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) to be used for site acquisition, demolition, preparation, public improvements and implementing ACI Design Standards and enhancements; and providing for an effective date  see attached. (See Doc. # 285  March 24 and March 31) Notice of public hearing on March 31, 2009 published in the Daily Record on March 27, 2009. Ordinance passed April 14, 2009 published in the Daily Record on April 22, 2009. CCID # 285  Motion by Vokal that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Suttle ROLL CALL: Yeas: Gernandt, Sigerson, Suttle, Thompson, Vokal, Brown, Mr. President ORDINANCE # 38398 PASSED 7-0


# 2009-05-05

Item 42
SPECIAL USE PERMIT  WIND ENERGY CONSERVATION SYSTEM 42. Res. that the Special Use Permit application submitted by Avery Schwer for permission to allow a Wind energy conservation system (WECS) in an R4(35)Single-Family Residential District (High Density), located at 6454 Woolworth Avenue, Omaha, Nebraska, is hereby approved and the Permits and Inspection Division is directed to issue the necessary permit therefor, provided the conditions set out in Exhibit "A" of the above referenced application, conditions set out in Exhibit "B", and all applicable local or state statutes, ordinances or regulations are complied with. That the proposed Special Use Permit has been reviewed and evaluated pursuant to, and meets each of, the criteria set forth in Section 55-885 of the Omaha Municipal Code  see attached. Notice of public hearing on May 19, 2009 published in the Daily Record on May 8, 2009. CCID # 446  Over two weeks to May 19, 2009 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII E. (a) Planning Board and Planning Department recommend approval of a Special Use Permit to allow a Wind energy conservation system (WECS) in an R4(35) District located at 6454 Woolworth Avenue  see attached. # 446  Over to 05/19/09

* * * * * * * * * * * * * *


"PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII H DUE TO NO MEETING BEING HELD MAY 26, 2009 AGENDA ITEM NOS. 43 THROUGH 44 SHALL BE LAID OVER FOUR WEEKS FOR PUBLICATION AND PUBLIC HEARING" RESOLUTIONS 43. Res. that the attached Help the Homeless of the Metro, LLC, HELP THE HOMELESS, INC. **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan authorizing **TIF** in the amount of **$1,200,000** for the Rescue Mission d/b/a Open Door Mission 1.53-acre project study area prepared by the Omaha City Planning Department containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Sections 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, meets the conditions of both a substandard and blighted area as defined by State Statute 18-2103, and is hereby approved as the Redevelopment Plan for the Rescue Mission d/b/a Open Door Mission Project Plan Area located on Lots 1 though 7, and Lots 20 through 26, Block 1 Oliver Place, an addition to the City Of Omaha, as surveyed, platted and recorded in Douglas County Nebraska; together with the vacated portion of 21st Street abutting thereon and addressed as 2706 North 21st Street East  see attached. Notice of public hearing on June 2, 2009 published in the Daily Record and Omaha World Herald on May 7, 2009 and May 14, 2009. CCID # 467  Over four weeks to June 2, 2009 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII H.

Item 44

Res. that the attached ND24 Turner Park Lofts, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan, authorizing **TIF** in the amount of **$1,350,600.00** for the renovation and redevelopment of the 0.067-acre, 29,185 sq. ft project study area and the deteriorated 61,000 sq. ft building at 3001 Douglas Street into 57 market rate apartments as prepared by the Omaha City Planning Department containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Sections 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, meets the conditions of both a substandard and blighted area as defined by State Statute 18-2103, and is hereby approved as the Redevelopment Plan for the ND24 Turner Park Lofts, LLC redevelopment project site at 3001 Douglas Street inclusive of all abutting public rights-of-way  see attached. Notice of public hearing on June 2, 2009 published in the Daily Record and Omaha World Herald on May 7, 2009 and May 14, 2009. CCID # 468  Over four weeks to June 2, 2009 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII H. * * * * * * * * * * * * * *


"PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII H DUE TO NO MEETINGS BEING HELD MAY 12 AND MAY 26, 2009 THE THIRD READING AND PUBLIC HEARINGS ON AGENDA ITEM NOS. 45 THROUGH 50 SHALL BE HELD ON JUNE 2, 2009"

ZONING ORDINANCES ON FIRST READING and Planning Board Attachments


# 2009-06-02

Item 46

Res. that the attached Help the Homeless of the Metro, LLC, HELP THE HOMELESS, INC. **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan authorizing **TIF** in the amount of **$1,200,000** for the Rescue Mission d/b/a Open Door Mission 1.53-acre project study area prepared by the Omaha City Planning Department containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Sections 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, meets the conditions of both a substandard and blighted area as defined by State Statute 18-2103, and is hereby approved as the Redevelopment Plan for the Rescue Mission d/b/a Open Door Mission Project Plan Area located on Lots 1 though 7, and Lots 20 through 26, Block 1 Oliver Place, an addition to the City Of Omaha, as surveyed, platted and recorded in Douglas County Nebraska; together with the vacated portion of 21st Street abutting thereon and addressed as 2706 North 21st Street East  over from 05/05/09 for publication and Public Hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 467  May 5 Meeting)


Motion by Vokal that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Gernandt ROLL CALL: Yeas: Gernandt, Sigerson, Suttle, Thompson, Vokal, Mr. President Absent: Brown Res # 467  ADOPTED 6-0 47. Res. that the attached ND24 Turner Park Lofts, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan, authorizing **TIF** in the amount of up to **$1,350,600.00** for the renovation and redevelopment of the 0.067-acre, 29,185 sq. ft project study area and the deteriorated 61,000 sq. ft building at 3001 Douglas Street into 57 market rate apartments as prepared by the Omaha City Planning Department containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Sections 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, meets the conditions of both a substandard and blighted area as defined by State Statute 18-2103, and is hereby approved as the Redevelopment Plan for the ND24 Turner Park Lofts, LLC redevelopment project site at 3001 Douglas Street inclusive of all abutting public rights-of-way  over from 05/05/09 for publication and Public Hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 468  May 5 Meeting) Motion by Vokal that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Welch ROLL CALL: Yeas: Gernandt, Sigerson, Suttle, Thompson, Vokal, Mr. President Absent: Brown Res # 468  ADOPTED 6-0


"PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII F AGENDA ITEM NO. 48 SHALL BE LAID OVER THREE WEEKS FOR PUBLICATION AND PUBLIC HEARING" 48. Res. that the attached National Athletic Trainers' Association Board of Certification, Inc. **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan for the redevelopment of the 5,808 Sq. Ft. project area, including the utilization of **TIF** in the amount of **$245,000,** prepared by the Omaha City Planning Department containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Sections 182147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, meets the conditions of both a substandard and blighted area as defined by State Statute 18-2103, and is hereby approved as the Redevelopment Plan for the National Athletic Trainers' Association Board of Certification, Inc. **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan Area on City Lots, Lot 3, Block 148, East 44 ft. and addressed as 1415 Harney Street  see attached. Notice of public hearing on June 23, 2009 published in the Daily Record on June 5, 2009. CCID # 559  Over three weeks to June 23, 2009 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII F.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * *

"PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII D THE PUBLIC HEARINGS ON AGENDA ITEM NOS. 49 THROUGH 50 SHALL BE HELD ON THE THIRD READING"

ZONING ORDINANCES ON SECOND READING


# 2009-06-09

Item 37

Res. that the Lot 9, LLC **TIF** Redevelopment Project Plan for the acquisition and development of a section of Lot 9 Union Pacific Place located at 13th and Cuming Streets as described in the redevelopment plan attached hereto and made a part of containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  see attached. Notice of public hearing on June 30, 2009 published in the Daily Record and the Omaha World Herald on June 11, 2009 and June 18, 2009. CCID # 589  Over three weeks to June 30, 2009 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII F.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * "PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII D THE PUBLIC HEARINGS ON AGENDA ITEM NOS. 38 THROUGH 42 SHALL BE HELD ON THE THIRD READING"

ZONING ORDINANCES ON SECOND READING

Item 50

Ord. to approve the **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Loan Agreement with Zone 5, LLC, a Nebraska Limited Liability Company at 11550 I Street, Suite 200, Omaha, Nebraska 68137, to implement the Zone 5, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Plan that provides for the development of the "Entertainment Center" at Aksarben Village Replat 8 Lots 2 and 3, located at 67th and Frances Streets; to authorize **TIF** in the amount of **$1,857,000.00** to assist in financing the implementation of the Zone 5, LLC Redevelopment Plan; and to provide for an effective date  see attached. CCID # 596  Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on June 16, 2009 as per City Charter requirements.


# 2009-06-16

Item 43

Ord. to approve the **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Loan Agreement with Zone 5, LLC, a Nebraska Limited Liability Company at 11550 I Street, Suite 200, Omaha, Nebraska 68137, to implement the Zone 5, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Plan that provides for the development of the "Entertainment Center" at Aksarben Village Replat 8 Lots 2 and 3, located at 67th and Frances Streets; to authorize **TIF** in the amount of **$1,857,000.00** to assist in financing the implementation of the Zone 5, LLC Redevelopment Plan; and to provide for an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 596  June 9 Meeting) John Hughes, Magnum Development, 11550 "I" Street, appeared and spoke. CCID # 596  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for June 23, 2009 as per City Charter requirements.


# 2009-06-23

Item 25

Ord. to approve the **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Loan Agreement with Zone 5, LLC, a Nebraska Limited Liability Company at 11550 I Street, Suite 200, Omaha, Nebraska 68137, to implement the Zone 5, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Plan that provides for the development of the "Entertainment Center" at Aksarben Village Replat 8 Lots 2 and 3, located at 67th and Frances Streets; to authorize **TIF** in the amount of **$1,857,000.00** to assist in financing the implementation of the Zone 5, LLC Redevelopment Plan; and to provide for an effective date  see attached. (See Doc. # 596  June 9 and June 16 Meeting) Notice of public hearing on June 16, 2009 published in the Daily Record on June 12, 2009. Ordinance passed on June 23, 2009 published in the Daily Record on July 1, 2009. CCID # 596  Motion by Festersen that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Stothert ROLL CALL: Yeas: Jerram, Sigerson, Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Gray, Mr. President ORDINANCE # 38449 PASSED 7-0


Item 33

Res. that the attached National Athletic Trainers' Association Board of Certification, Inc. **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan for the redevelopment of the 5,808 Sq. Ft. project area, including the utilization of **TIF** in the amount of **$245,000,** prepared by the Omaha City Planning Department containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Sections 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, meets the conditions of both a substandard and blighted area as defined by State Statute 18-2103, and is hereby approved as the Redevelopment Plan for the National Athletic Trainers' Association Board of Certification, Inc. **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan Area on City Lots, Lot 3, Block 148, East 44 ft. and addressed as 1415 Harney Street  over from 06/02/09 for publication and Public Hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 559  June 2 Meeting) THE FOLLOWING PERSONS APPEARED AND SPOKE: Proponents: Ann Minton, Assistant Executive Director, 1415 Harney Street Stephanie Setlak, Controller, 1415 Harney Street For the City: Ken Johnson, Planning Department Motion by Sigerson that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Festersen ROLL CALL: Yeas: Jerram, Sigerson, Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Gray, Mr. President Res # 559  ADOPTED 7-0


# 2009-06-30

Item 38

Res. that the Lot 9, LLC **TIF** Redevelopment Project Plan for the acquisition and development of a section of Lot 9 Union Pacific Place located at 13th and Cuming Streets as described in the redevelopment plan attached hereto and made a part of containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  over from 06/09/09 for publication and Public Hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 589  June 9 Meeting) CCID # 589  Motion by Gray that the Resolution be laid over two weeks to July 14, 2009 and continue the public hearing Seconded by Thompson ROLL CALL: Yeas: Sigerson, Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Gray, Jerram, Mr. President Motion Carried 7-0 (a) Communication from Ken Johnson, Planning Department, requesting that the Resolution be laid over 2 weeks to July 14, 2009 and continue the public hearing, re: Lot 9, LLC **TIF** Redevelopment Project Plan  see attached. # 589  From Chair on File



# 2009-07-14

Item 51

Res. that the Lot 9, LLC **TIF** Redevelopment Project Plan for the acquisition and development of a section of Lot 9 Union Pacific Place located at 13th and Cuming Streets as described in the redevelopment plan attached hereto and made a part of containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  over from 06/30/09 and continue the Public Hearing  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING CONTINUED TO TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 589  June 9 and June 30 Meetings) Debra Christensen, Bluestone Developers, 701 South 15th Street, appeared and spoke. Motion by Festersen that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Stothert ROLL CALL: Yeas: Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Gray, Jerram, Sigerson, Mr. President Res # 589  ADOPTED 7-0

Item 72

Ord. approving a Redevelopment Agreement between the City of Omaha, Nebraska and the National Athletic Trainer's Association Board of Certification, Inc., which authorizes **Tax Increment Financing** in the amount of **$245,000.00** for the rehabilitation of a vacant 11,730 sq. ft. building located at 1415 Harney Street; authorizing the execution of any other necessary documents in connection with the Redevelopment Agreement or appropriate to consummate the loan; and providing for an effective date  see attached. CCID # 744  Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on July 21, 2009 as per City Charter.


# 2009-07-21

Item 25

Res. that the attached Omaha Collision Company, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan authorizing **$126,200.00** in **Tax Increment Financing** for the rehabilitation of the 10,442 sq. ft. building located in the 49,658 sq. ft. project study area prepared by the Omaha City Planning Department containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Sections 182147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, meets the conditions of both a substandard and blighted area as defined by State Statute 18-2103, and is hereby approved as the Redevelopment Plan for the Omaha Collision Company, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan Area located in the North Omaha Business Park, Lot 4, Block 0, Irreg. 1.13 acres, addressed as 2340 Paul Street  see attached. Notice of public hearing on August 11, 2009 published in the Daily Record and the Omaha World Herald on July 23, 2009 and July 30, 2009. CCID # 779  Over three weeks to August 11, 2009 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII F.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * *

Item 40

Ord. approving a Redevelopment Agreement between the City of Omaha, Nebraska and the National Athletic Trainer's Association Board of Certification, Inc., which authorizes **Tax Increment Financing** in the amount of **$245,000.00** for the rehabilitation of a vacant 11,730 sq. ft. building located at 1415 Harney Street; authorizing the execution of any other necessary documents in connection with the Redevelopment Agreement or appropriate to consummate the loan; and providing for an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 744  July 14 Meeting) CCID # 744  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for July 28, 2009 as per City Charter requirements.



# 2009-07-28

Item 24

Ord. approving a Redevelopment Agreement between the City of Omaha, Nebraska and the National Athletic Trainer's Association Board of Certification, Inc., which authorizes **Tax Increment Financing** in the amount of **$245,000.00** for the rehabilitation of a vacant 11,730 sq. ft. building located at 1415 Harney Street; authorizing the execution of any other necessary documents in connection with the Redevelopment Agreement or appropriate to consummate the loan; and providing for an effective date  see attached. (See Doc. # 744  July 14 and July 21 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on July 21, 2009 published in the Daily Record on July 17, 2009. Ordinance passed on July 28, 2009 published in the Daily Record on August 5, 2009. CCID # 744  Motion by Sigerson that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Thompson ROLL CALL: Yeas: Festersen, Gray, Jerram, Sigerson, Stothert, Thompson, Mr. President ORDINANCE # 38479 PASSED 7-0

Item 41

Ord. to amend Chapter 2 by deleting Section 2-157 entitled "Fire department minimum staffing."; to delete a section numbered 2-158 entitled "Police department required staffing."; to delete a section numbered 2-159 entitled "Reports of certain arrests and convictions."; and to provide for an effective date thereof  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING HELD 07/21/09  CAN BE PASSED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 766  July 14 and July 21 Meetings)

Notice of public hearing on July 21, 2009 published in the Daily Record on July 17, 2009. Ordinance passed on July 28, 2009 published in the Daily Record on August 5, 2009. CCID # 766  Ordinance Read Motion by Gray that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Thompson ROLL CALL: Yeas: Gray, Stothert, Thompson Nays: Festersen, Jerram, Sigerson, Gernandt LOST 3-4 (a) Amendment of the Whole requested by Councilmember Gray  over from 07/21/09  see attached. (See Doc. # 766  July 21 Meeting) # 766  Motion by Gray that the Amendment of the Whole be passed as amended Seconded by Thompson ROLL CALL: Yeas: Gray, Stothert, Thompson Nays: Festersen, Jerram, Sigerson, Gernandt LOST 3-4 (b) Document submitted by Warren Weaver, City Council Chief of Staff, re: proposed Minimum Staffing Ordinance  over from 07/21/09  see attached. (See Doc. # 766  July 21 Meeting) # 766  From Chair on File "PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII F AGENDA ITEM NO. 42 SHALL BE LAID OVER THREE WEEKS FOR PUBLICATION AND PUBLIC HEARING" RESOLUTION 42. Res. that this resolution recommending the approval of the CCL & B, Inc. **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan that provides **$500,000.00** in **TIF** development financing to facilitate the purchase of the 4.53-acre site from the City of Omaha for the construction of a new 30,000 sq. ft. regional office, operations and distribution facility in the Stockyards Business Park, as recommended by City Planning Department, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, be and hereby is approved as the redevelopment plan for the CCL & B, Inc. **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan area located on Lots 7 & 8, located in Stockyards Business Park at 4747 South 30th Street, Omaha NE  see attached.

Notice of public hearing on August 18, 2009 published in the Daily Record and the Omaha World Herald on July 30, 2009 and August 6, 2009. CCID # 823  Over three weeks to August 18, 2009 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII F.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * *

"PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII H DUE TO NO MEETING BEING HELD AUGUST 4, 2009 THE THIRD READING AND PUBLIC HEARING ON AGENDA ITEM NO. 43 SHALL BE HELD ON AUGUST 11, 2009"

ZONING ORDINANCE ON SECOND READING


# 2009-08-11

Item 54

Res. that the attached Omaha Collision Company, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan authorizing **$126,200.00** in **Tax Increment Financing** for the rehabilitation of the 10,442 sq. ft. building located in the 49,658 sq. ft. project study area prepared by the Omaha City Planning Department containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Sections 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, meets the conditions of both a substandard and blighted area as defined by State Statute 18-2103, and is hereby approved as the Redevelopment Plan for the Omaha Collision Company, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan Area located in the North Omaha Business Park, Lot 4, Block 0, Irreg. 1.13 acres, addressed as 2340 Paul Street  over from 07/21/09 for publication and Public Hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 779  July 21 Meeting) Motion by Festersen that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Gray ROLL CALL: Yeas: Gray, Jerram, Sigerson, Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Mr. President Res # 779  ADOPTED 7-0

"PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII D THE PUBLIC HEARING ON AGENDA ITEM NO. 55 SHALL BE HELD ON THE THIRD READING"

ORDINANCE ON SECOND READING


# 2009-08-18

Item 29

Res. that this resolution recommending the approval of the CCL & B, Inc. **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan that provides **$500,000.00** in **TIF** development financing to facilitate the purchase of the 4.53-acre site from the City of Omaha for the construction of a new 30,000 sq. ft. regional office, operations and distribution facility in the Stockyards Business Park, as recommended by City Planning Department, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, be and hereby is approved as the redevelopment plan for the CCL & B, Inc. **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan area located on Lots 7 & 8, located in Stockyards Business Park at 4747 South 30th Street, Omaha NE  over from 07/28/09 for publication and Public Hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 823  July 28 Meeting)

Motion by Sigerson that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Stothert ROLL CALL: Yeas: Jerram, Sigerson, Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Gray, Mr. President Res # 823  ADOPTED 7-0

Item 31

Res. that the OMAR-5, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan for the acquisition, interior demolition, public and private utility upgrades and the total rehabilitation, redevelopment and conversion of the project building using **TIF** in an amount up to **$650,000** for the area at 4383 Nicholas Street, Omaha Nebraska into a safe and functional environment for office & storage use as described in the redevelopment plan attached hereto and made a part of containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  see attached. Notice of public hearing on September 15, 2009 published in the Daily Record and the Omaha World Herald on August 20, 2009 and August 27, 2009.

CCID # 922  Over three weeks to September 15, 2009 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII H.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * *

"PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII D THE PUBLIC HEARING ON AGENDA ITEM NOS. 32 THROUGH 44 SHALL BE HELD ON THE THIRD READING"

ZONING ORDINANCES ON SECOND READING


# 2009-08-25

Item 50

Ord. to approve a **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Loan Agreement between the City of Omaha and Lot 9, LLC which authorizes the sale of Lot 9 Union Pacific Place Replat 1, a subdivision in Douglas County, Nebraska, for **$261,919.00**; to authorize development and conversion of the vacant site within the "NODO" area of Omaha for the construction of a 4-story loft building at the corner of 13th and Cuming Streets with 1st floor retail, 2nd floor office and the 3rd and 4th floor studio apartments with related improvements; and, to authorize the use of **$661,000.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by such development to help fund it; and providing for an effective date  see attached. CCID # 939  Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on September 1, 2009 as per City Charter requirements.

Item 51

Ord. to approve the **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Loan Agreement between the City of Omaha and CCL & B, Inc. which authorizes **$500,000.00** in **Tax Increment Financing** to assist in financing the implementation of the CCL & B, Inc. **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan; approve the sale of a 4.53-acre site from the City of Omaha to CCL & B, Inc. for purposes of constructing a new 30,000 sq. ft. regional office, operations and distribution facility on Lots 7 & 8, in the Stockyards Business Park at 4747 South 30th Street; and providing for an effective date  see attached. CCID # 938  Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on September 1, 2009 as per City Charter requirements.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * *

EXECUTIVE SESSION


# 2009-09-01

Item 52

Ord. to approve a **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Loan Agreement between the City of Omaha and Lot 9, LLC which authorizes the sale of Lot 9, Union Pacific Place Replat 1, a subdivision in Douglas County, Nebraska, for **$261,919.00**; to authorize development and conversion of the vacant site within the "NODO" area of Omaha for the construction of a 4-story loft building at the corner of 13th and Cuming Streets with 1st floor retail, 2nd floor office and the 3rd and 4th floor studio apartments with related improvements; and, to authorize the use of **$661,000.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by such development to help fund it; and providing for an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 939  August 25 Meeting) CCID # 939  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for September 15, 2009 pursuant to City Council Rule VII H.

Item 53

Ord. to approve the **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Loan Agreement between the City of Omaha and CCL & B, Inc. which authorizes **$500,000.00** in **Tax Increment Financing** to assist in financing the implementation of the CCL & B, Inc. **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan; approve the sale of a 4.53-acre site from the City of Omaha to CCL & B, Inc. for purposes of constructing a new 30,000 sq. ft. regional office, operations and distribution facility on Lots 7 & 8, in the Stockyards Business Park at 4747 South 30th Street; and providing for an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 938  August 25 Meeting) CCID # 938  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for September 15, 2009 pursuant to City Council Rule VII H.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * *


SPECIAL USE PERMIT  WIND ENERGY CONSERVATION SYSTEM

Item 61

Ord. to approve a **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Loan Agreement between the City of Omaha and 2566 Leavenworth, LLC which authorizes **Tax Increment Financing** in the amount up to **$171,299.00** for the redevelopment and renovation of the 33,044 sq. ft. vacant building at 2566 Leavenworth Street for the construction of offices for the Alliance Group and other potential occupants with related improvements; providing for an effective date  see attached. CCID # 977  Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on September 15, 2009 pursuant to City Council Rule VII H.


# 2009-09-15

Item 29

Ord. to approve the **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Loan Agreement between the City of Omaha and CCL & B, Inc. which authorizes **$500,000.00** in **Tax Increment Financing** to assist in financing the implementation of the CCL & B, Inc. **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan; approve the sale of a 4.53-acre site from the City of Omaha to CCL & B, Inc. for purposes of constructing a new 30,000 sq. ft. regional office, operations and distribution facility on Lots 7 & 8, in the Stockyards Business Park at 4747 South 30th Street; and providing for an effective date  see attached. (See Doc. # 938  August 25 and September 1 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on September 1, 2009 published in the Daily Record on August 28, 2009. Ordinance passed on September 15, 2009 published in the Daily Record on September 23, 2009. CCID # 938  Motion by Gray that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Stothert ROLL CALL: Yeas: Thompson, Festersen, Gray, Jerram, Stothert, Mr. President Absent: Sigerson ORDINANCE # 38515 PASSED 6-0


Item 30

Ord. to approve a **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Loan Agreement between the City of Omaha and Lot 9, LLC which authorizes the sale of Lot 9, Union Pacific Place Replat 1, a subdivision in Douglas County, Nebraska, for **$261,919.00**; to authorize development and conversion of the vacant site within the "NODO" area of Omaha for the construction of a 4-story loft building at the corner of 13th and Cuming Streets with 1st floor retail, 2nd floor office and the 3rd and 4th floor studio apartments with related improvements; and, to authorize the use of **$661,000.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by such development to help fund it; and providing for an effective date  see attached. (See Doc. # 939  August 25 and September 1 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on September 1, 2009 published in the Daily Record on August 28, 2009. Ordinance passed on September 15, 2009 published in the Daily Record on September 23, 2009. CCID # 939  Motion by Gray that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Stothert ROLL CALL: Yeas: Thompson, Festersen, Gray, Jerram, Stothert, Mr. President Absent: Sigerson ORDINANCE # 38516 PASSED 6-0

((MOTION NEEDED THAT THE ORDINANCES ON THE CONSENT AGENDA BE PASSED))

* * * * * * * * * * * * * *


Item 46

Res. that the OMAR-5, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan for the acquisition, interior demolition, public and private utility upgrades and the total rehabilitation, redevelopment and conversion of the project building using **TIF** in an amount up to **$650,000** for the area at 4383 Nicholas Street, Omaha Nebraska into a safe and functional environment for office & storage use as described in the redevelopment plan attached hereto and made a part of containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  over from 08/18/09 for publication and Public Hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 922  August 18 Meeting)


Motion by Gray that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Gernandt ROLL CALL: Yeas: Thompson, Festersen, Gray, Jerram, Stothert, Mr. President Absent: Sigerson Res # 922  ADOPTED 6-0

Item 58

Ord. to approve a **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Loan Agreement between the City of Omaha and 2566 Leavenworth, LLC which authorizes **Tax Increment Financing** in the amount up to **$171,299.00** for the redevelopment and renovation of the 33,044 sq. ft. vacant building at 2566 Leavenworth Street for the construction of offices for the Alliance Group and other potential occupants with related improvements; providing for an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 977  September 1 Meeting) CCID # 977  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for September 22, 2009 as per City Charter requirements.


# 2009-09-22

Item 26

Ord. to approve a **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Loan Agreement between the City of Omaha and 2566 Leavenworth, LLC which authorizes **Tax Increment Financing** in the amount up to **$171,299.00** for the redevelopment and renovation of the 33,044 sq. ft. vacant building at 2566 Leavenworth Street for the construction of offices for the Alliance Group and other potential occupants with related improvements; providing for an effective date  see attached. (See Doc. # 977  September 1 and September 15 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on September 15, 2009 published in the Daily Record on September 4, 2009. Ordinance passed on September 22, 2009 published in the Daily Record on September 30, 2009. CCID # 977  Motion by Gray that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Stothert ROLL CALL: Yeas: Festersen, Gray, Jerram, Stothert, Thompson, Mr. President Absent: Sigerson ORDINANCE # 38523 PASSED 6-0


# 2009-10-27

Item 46

Ord. approving a **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Loan Agreement between the City of Omaha and OMAR-5, LLC, a Nebraska Limited Liability Company, which provides **$650,000.00** in **Tax Increment Financing** to assist in financing the rehabilitation and conversion of the property located at 4383 Nicholas Street, Omaha, Nebraska and, to provide for an effective date  see attached. CCID # 1222  Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on November 3, 2009 as per City Charter requirements.


# 2009-11-03

Item 33

Ord. approving a **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Loan Agreement between the City of Omaha and OMAR-5, LLC, a Nebraska Limited Liability Company, which provides **$650,000.00** in **Tax Increment Financing** to assist in financing the rehabilitation and conversion of the property located at 4383 Nicholas Street, Omaha, Nebraska and, to provide for an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1222  October 27 Meeting) Ken Johnson, Planning Department, appeared and spoke. CCID # 1222  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for November 10, 2009 as per City Charter requirements.


Item 57

Ord. to approve a **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Loan Agreement between the City of Omaha and Help The Homeless Of The Metro, LLC, which authorizes the acquisition, development and conversion of the vacant site at 2809 North 20th Street East to provide homeless women, single mothers and families with 82 fully furnished apartments in a 62,342 square foot building with classrooms and meeting areas to provide a range of supportive services including, but not limited to: life and parenting skills, nutrition classes, anger management and GED courses; to authorize the use of **$1,200,000.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by such development to help fund it; and providing for an effective date  see attached. CCID # 1241  Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on November 10, 2009 as per City Charter requirements.


# 2009-11-10

Item 19

Quail Distributing, Inc., dba "Quail Distributing", 13413-13417 "B" Street, requests permission for a change of location of their present Class "X" Wholesale Liquor License to 10425 "J" Street  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY MOTION NEEDED TO APPROVE OR NOT TO APPROVE)) Bob Ryan, Quail Distributing, 13413-13417 "B" Street, appeared and spoke. CCID # 1273  Motion by Gray that the request be approved Seconded by Stothert ROLL CALL: Yeas: Gray, Jerram, Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Mr. President Absent: Sigerson Motion Carried 6-0

CONSENT AGENDA (Any member of the City Council may cause any item placed on the Consent Agenda to be removed there from. Items removed from the Consent Agenda shall be taken up by the City Council immediately following the Consent Agenda in the order in which they were removed unless otherwise taken out of order as otherwise provided by the City Council Rules of Order.) (The public hearings on Agenda Item Nos. 20 through 23 were held on November 3, 2009). CONSENT AGENDA  ORDINANCES 20. Ord. approving a **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Loan Agreement between the City of Omaha and OMAR-5, LLC, a Nebraska Limited Liability Company, which provides **$650,000.00** in **Tax Increment Financing** to assist in financing the rehabilitation and conversion of the property located at 4383 Nicholas Street, Omaha, Nebraska and, to provide for an effective date  see attached. (See Doc. # 1222  October 27 and November 3 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on November 3, 2009 published in the Daily Record on October 30, 2009. Ordinance passed on November 10, 2009 published in the Daily Record on November 18, 2009. CCID # 1222  Motion by Gray that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Stothert ROLL CALL: Yeas: Gray, Jerram, Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Mr. President Absent: Sigerson ORDINANCE # 38568 PASSED 6-0


Item 40

Ord. to approve a **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Loan Agreement between the City of Omaha and Help The Homeless Of The Metro, LLC, which authorizes the acquisition, development and conversion of the vacant site at 2809 North 20th Street East to provide homeless women, single mothers and families with 82 fully furnished apartments in a 62,342 square foot building with classrooms and meeting areas to provide a range of supportive services including, but not limited to: life and parenting skills, nutrition classes, anger management and GED courses; to authorize the use of **$1,200,000.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by such development to help fund it; and providing for an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1241  November 3 Meeting) Ken Johnson, Planning Department, appeared and spoke. CCID # 1241  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for November 24, 2009 pursuant to City Council Rule VIIH. (a) Amendment requested by the Planning Department  see attached. # 1241  Over to 11/24/09

Item 51

Res. that the attached Marcy Mason, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan for the 3.18-acre project study area site, bounded by the vacated 39th Street on the east, 40th Street on the west, Marcy Street on the north and Mason Street on the south, prepared by the Omaha City Planning Department containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Sections 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, meets the conditions of both a substandard and blighted area as defined by State Statute 18-2103, and is hereby approved as the Redevelopment Plan for the Marcy Mason, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan Area  see attached. Notice of public hearing on December 8, 2009 published in the Daily Record and the Omaha World Herald on November 12, 2009 and November 19, 2009. CCID # 1284  Over four weeks to December 8, 2009 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII H.

Item 52

Res. that the Urban Chiral, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan for the acquisition, interior demolition, public and private utility upgrades and the total rehabilitation, redevelopment and conversion of the Swartz Printing Company (Driscoll Leather) Building into the Urban Chiral Condominium redevelopment using **TIF** in an amount up to **$490,492.00** for the Urban Chiral mixed-use residential and office Condominium Development at 714 South 15th Street, Omaha Nebraska as described in the redevelopment plan attached hereto and made a part of containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  see attached. Notice of public hearing on December 8, 2009 published in the Daily Record and the Omaha World Herald on November 12, 2009 and November 19, 2009. CCID # 1285  Over four weeks to December 8, 2009 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII H

* * * * * * * * * * * * *

"PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII H DUE TO NO MEETINGS BEING HELD NOVEMBER 17, 2009 AND DECEMBER 1, 2009 THE THIRD READING AND PUBLIC HEARINGS ON AGENDA ITEM NOS. 53 THROUGH 66 SHALL BE HELD ON DECEMBER 8, 2009"

ZONING ORDINANCES ON FIRST READING and Planning Board Attachments

Item 70

Ord. to approve a **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Loan Agreement between the City of Omaha and the Omaha Collision Company, LLC to implement the Omaha Collision Company, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan for the acquisition and redevelopment of the 10,442 sq. ft. building and 49,658 sq. ft. project site at 2340 Paul Street into the Omaha Collision Company LLC d/b/a "B" Street Collision Center East; to authorize the use of **$126,200.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost; and providing for an effective date  see attached. CCID # 1306  Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on November 24, 2009 pursuant to City Council Rule VII H.


# 2009-11-24

Item 44

Ord. to approve a **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Loan Agreement between the City of Omaha and Help The Homeless Of The Metro, LLC, which authorizes the acquisition, development and conversion of the vacant site at 2809 North 20th Street East to provide homeless women, single mothers and families with 82 fully furnished apartments in a 62,342 square foot building with classrooms and meeting areas to provide a range of supportive services including, but not limited to: life and parenting skills, nutrition classes, anger management and GED courses; to authorize the use of **$1,200,000.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by such development to help fund it; and providing for an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING HELD 11/10/09  CAN BE PASSED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1241  November 3 and November 10 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on November 10, 2009 published in the Daily Record on November 6, 2009. Ordinance passed on November 24, 2009 published in the Daily Record on December 2, 2009. CCID #1241  Ordinance read Motion by Gray that the Ordinance be PASSED AS AMENDED Seconded by Thompson ROLL CALL: Yeas: Jerram, Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Gray, Mr. President Absent: Sigerson ORDINANCE # 38579 PASSED AS AMENDED 6-0 (a) Amendment requested by the Planning Department  over from 11/10/09  see attached. (See Doc. # 1241  November 10 Meeting) # 1241  Motion by Gray that the Amendment be approved Seconded by Stothert ROLL CALL: Yeas: Jerram, Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Gray, Mr. President Absent: Sigerson Motion Carried 6-0


"PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII H DUE TO NO MEETING BEING HELD DECEMBER 1, 2009 THE THIRD READING AND PUBLIC HEARINGS ON AGENDA ITEM NOS. 45 THROUGH 58 SHALL BE HELD ON DECEMBER 8, 2009" ZONING ORDINANCES ON SECOND READING 45. Ord. .to rezone the properties located at 1734 and 1736 South 13th Street from GI-General Industrial District to NBD-Neighborhood Business District. (See Doc. # 1288  November 10 Meeting) CCID # 1288  ORDINANCE ON SECOND READING  Final reading to be held on December 8, 2009 pursuant to City Council Rule VII H.

Item 62

Ord. to approve a **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Loan Agreement between the City of Omaha and the Omaha Collision Company, LLC to implement the Omaha Collision Company, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan for the acquisition and redevelopment of the 10,442 sq. ft. building and 49,658 sq. ft. project site at 2340 Paul Street into the Omaha Collision Company LLC d/b/a "B" Street Collision Center East; to authorize the use of **$126,200.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost; and providing for an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1306  November 10 Meeting) CCID # 1306  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for December 8, 2009 pursuant to City Council Rule VII H.


# 2009-12-08

Item 32

Ord. to approve a **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Loan Agreement between the City of Omaha and the Omaha Collision Company, LLC to implement the Omaha Collision Company, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan for the acquisition and redevelopment of the 10,442 sq. ft. building and 49,658 sq. ft. project site at 2340 Paul Street into the Omaha Collision Company LLC d/b/a "B" Street Collision Center East; to authorize the use of **$126,200.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost; and providing for an effective date  see attached. (See Doc. # 1306  November 10 and November 24 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on November 24, 2009 published in the Daily Record on November 13, 2009. Ordinance passed on December 8, 2009 published in the Daily Record on December 16, 2009. CCID # 1306  Motion by Gray that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Festersen ROLL CALL: Yeas: Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Gray, Jerram, Mr. President Absent: Sigerson ORDINANCE # 38597 PASSED 6-0

Item 82

Res. that the attached Marcy Mason, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan for the 3.18-acre project study area site, bounded by the vacated 39th Street on the east, 40th Street on the west, Marcy Street on the north and Mason Street on the south, prepared by the Omaha City Planning Department containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Sections 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, meets the conditions of both a substandard and blighted area as defined by State Statute 18-2103, and is hereby approved as the Redevelopment Plan for the Marcy Mason, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan Area  over from 11/10/09 for publication and Public Hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1284  November 10 Meeting) Ken Johnson, Planning Department, appeared and spoke. Motion by Jerram that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Gray ROLL CALL: Yeas: Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Gray, Jerram, Mr. President Absent: Sigerson Res # 1284  ADOPTED 6-0

Item 83

Res. that the Urban Chiral, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan for the acquisition, interior demolition, public and private utility upgrades and the total rehabilitation, redevelopment and conversion of the Swartz Printing Company (Driscoll Leather) Building into the Urban Chiral Condominium redevelopment using **TIF** in an amount up to **$490,492.00** for the Urban Chiral mixed-use residential and office Condominium Development at 714 South 15th Street, Omaha Nebraska as described in the redevelopment plan attached hereto and made a part of containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  over from 11/10/09 for publication and Public Hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1285  November 10 Meeting) Ken Johnson, Planning Department, appeared and spoke. Motion by Jerram that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Gray ROLL CALL: Yeas: Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Gray, Jerram, Mr. President Absent: Sigerson Res # 1285  ADOPTED 6-0


"PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII D THE PUBLIC HEARINGS ON AGENDA ITEM NOS. 84 THROUGH 89 SHALL BE HELD ON THE THIRD READING"

ZONING ORDINANCES ON FIRST READING and Planning Board Attachments Ord. to rezone property located at 2515 South 26th Street from GI-General Industrial District to R4-Single Family Residential District (High Density). CCID # 1411  Publication to be made and public hearing and third reading to be held on December 22, 2009 as per City Charter requirements. Ord. to rezone property located at 2514 and 2518 South 26th Street from HI-Heavy Industrial District to R4-Single Family Residential District (High Density). CCID # 1412  Publication to be made and public hearing and third reading to be held on December 22, 2009 as per City Charter requirements. (a) Planning Board and Planning Department recommend approval of a request to rezone property located at 2514, 2515 and 2518 South 26th Street from GI and HI to R4  see attached. # 1412  Over to 12/22/09

