
# 2010-01-26

Item 44

Res. that the Omaha City Council calls upon the Omaha Public Works Department to utilize all means necessary, to include consideration of hiring additional temporary resources or contractors, to insure the continuation of refuse and garbage collections, even under adverse weather conditions, in alleyways and other collection points, to avoid a public health or nuisance condition  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) THE FOLLOWING PERSONS APPEARED AND SPOKE: Proponent: John Fullenkamp, representing Deffenbaugh, 11440 West Center Road Protestant: Mike Battershell, 2325 South 32nd Avenue For the City: Bob Stubbe, Director, Public Works Department Marty Grate, Public Works Department CCID # 94  Motion by Jerram that the Resolution be placed on file Seconded by Gray ROLL CALL: Yeas: Jerram, Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Gray, Mr. President Absent: Sigerson Motion Carried 6-0 (a) Communications supporting Agenda Item No. 44, re: resolution to utilize all means necessary to insure collection of refuse, even under adverse weather conditions  see attached. # 94  From Chair on File


"PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII H DUE TO NO MEETING BEING HELD FEBURARY 16, 2010 AGENDA ITEM NO. 45 SHALL BE LAID OVER FOUR WEEKS TO FEBRUARY 23, 2010 FOR PUBLICATION AND PUBLIC HEARING" 45. Res. that the attached 1009 Capital Avenue, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan for the renovation and conversion of two buildings to create three to four distinct office and/or retail spaces, totaling 17,500 square feet, located on the southwest corner of 10th Street and Capitol Avenue and for the use of **TIF** in an amount up to **$400,000.00** as described in the redevelopment plan attached hereto and made a part hereof, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 182150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  see attached. Notice of public hearing on February 23, 2010 published in the Daily Record and the Omaha World Herald on January 28, 2010 and February 4, 2010. CCID # 56  Over four weeks to February 23, 2010 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII H.

* * * * * * * * * * * * *

AFTER HOURS DANCE PERMIT

# 2010-02-09

Item 50

Ord. approving a **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Loan Agreement between the City of Omaha and the Marcy Mason, LLC to implement the Marcy Mason, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Plan for the acquisition, demolition, rehabilitation, total redevelopment and adaptive reuse of the 3.18-acre industrial project site into a 47-unit, market rate, mixed-use housing subdivision with 18 garages and appropriate landscaping and features introduced to enhance the total development and design of the project site and abutting area located at 39th and 40th Streets between Marcy and Mason Streets; to authorize the use of **$1,000,000.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost; and to provide for an effective date  see attached. CCID # 152  Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on February 23, 2010 pursuant to City Council Rule VII H.



# 2010-02-23

Item 59

Ord. approving a **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Loan Agreement between the City of Omaha and the Marcy Mason, LLC to implement the Marcy Mason, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Plan for the acquisition, demolition, rehabilitation, total redevelopment and adaptive reuse of the 3.18-acre industrial project site into a 47-unit, market rate, mixed-use housing subdivision with 18 garages and appropriate landscaping and features introduced to enhance the total development and design of the project site and abutting area located at 39th and 40th Streets between Marcy and Mason Streets; to authorize the use of **$1,000,000.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost; and to provide for an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 152  February 9 Meeting) THE FOLLOWING PERSONS APPEARED AND SPOKE: Proponent: Bob Perrin, Perrin Architects, 1101 South 36th Street For the City: Bridget Hadley, Planning Department CCID # 152  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for March 2, 2010 as per City Charter requirements.

Item 63

Res. that the attached 1009 Capital Avenue, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan for the renovation and conversion of two buildings to create three to four distinct office and/or retail spaces, totaling 17,500 square feet, located on the southwest corner of 10th Street and Capitol Avenue and for the use of **TIF** in an amount up to **$400,000.00** as described in the redevelopment plan attached hereto and made a part hereof, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 182150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  over from 1/26/10 for publication and public hearing  had publication  see attached. ((MOTION NEEDED THAT THE RESOLUTION BE PLACED ON FILE)) (See Doc. # 56  January 26 Meeting) CCID # 56  Motion by Jerram that the Resolution be placed on file Seconded by Gray ROLL CALL: Yeas: Festersen, Gray, Jerram, Stothert, Thompson, Mr. President Absent: Sigerson Motion Carried 6-0 (a) Communication from Bernard in den Bosch, Law Department, re: 1009 Capital Avenue, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan  see attached. # 56  From Chair on File

Item 65

Res. that the attached 1009 Capital Avenue, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan for the renovation and conversion of two buildings to create three to four distinct office and/or retail spaces, totaling 17,500 square feet, located on the southwest corner of 10th Street and Capitol Avenue and for the use of **TIF** in an amount up to **$425,000.00** as described in the redevelopment plan attached hereto and made a part hereof, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 182150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved for the 1009 Capital Avenue, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan Area at 1009 Capitol Avenue  see attached. Notice of public hearing on March 16, 2010 published in the Daily Record and the Omaha World Herald on February 25, 2010 and March 4, 2010. CCID # 196  Over three weeks to March 16, 2010 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII F.


Item 66

Res. that the TBF Company, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan which provides (1) for offsetting the costs for acquisition, demolition, related public improvements, and redevelopment of the project site for the Southern Valley Townhomes, low-income housing tax credit project located at 18th and Q Streets, which will have 13 buildings that will contain 48 new townhomes with a separate community building; (2) the use by the City of Omaha of eminent domain to acquire title to a parcel of land within the redevelopment project site that is not under contract as the registered owner has not been located after extensive efforts by the developers; and (3) that the parcel of land will be conveyed to developer by the City of Omaha and that TBF Company, LLC will reimburse the City of Omaha for its cost to acquire and convey the parcel of land so that redevelopment of the project may proceed, as attached hereto and made a part hereof, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  see attached. Notice of public hearing on March 16, 2010 published in the Daily Record and the Omaha World Herald on February 25, 2010 and March 4, 2010. CCID # 170  Over three weeks to March 16, 2010 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII F.

* * * * * * * * * * * * *


# 2010-03-02

Item 17

Ord. approving a **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Loan Agreement between the City of Omaha and the Marcy Mason, LLC to implement the Marcy Mason, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Plan for the acquisition, demolition, rehabilitation, total redevelopment and adaptive reuse of the 3.18-acre industrial project site into a 47-unit, market rate, mixed-use housing subdivision with 18 garages and appropriate landscaping and features introduced to enhance the total development and design of the project site and abutting area located at 39th and 40th Streets between Marcy and Mason Streets; to authorize the use of **$1,000,000.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost; and to provide for an effective date  see attached. (See Doc. # 152  February 9 and February 23 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on February 23, 2010 published in the Daily Record on February 12, 2010. Ordinance passed on March 2, 2010 published in the Daily Record on March 10, 2010. CCID # 152  Motion by Jerram that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Stothert ROLL CALL: Yeas: Gray, Jerram, Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Mr. President ORDINANCE # 38668 PASSED 6-0



# 2010-03-16

Item 33

Res. that the attached 1009 Capital Avenue, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan for the renovation and conversion of two buildings to create three to four distinct office and/or retail spaces, totaling 17,500 square feet, located on the southwest corner of 10th Street and Capitol Avenue and for the use of **TIF** in an amount up to **$425,000.00** as described in the redevelopment plan attached hereto and made a part of containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved for the 1009 Capital Avenue, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan area at 1009 Capitol Avenue  over from 2/23/10 for publication and public hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 196  February 23 Meeting) THE FOLLOWING PERSONS APPEARED AND SPOKE: Proponent: Larry Jobeun, representing the developer, 11440 West Center Road For the City: Bridget Hadley, Planning Department


Motion by Gray that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Stothert ROLL CALL: Yeas: Stothert, Festersen, Gray, Jerram, Mr. President Absent: Thompson Res # 196  ADOPTED 5-0

Item 34

Res. that the TBF Company, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan which provides (1) for offsetting the costs for acquisition, demolition, related public improvements, and redevelopment of the project site for the Southern Valley Townhomes, low-income housing tax credit project located at 18th and Q Streets, which will have 13 buildings that will contain 48 new townhomes with a separate community building; (2) the use by the City of Omaha of eminent domain to acquire title to a parcel of land within the redevelopment project site that is not under contract as the registered owner has not been located after extensive efforts by the developers; and (3) that the parcel of land will be conveyed to developer by the City of Omaha and that TBF Company, LLC will reimburse the City of Omaha for its cost to acquire and convey the parcel of land so that redevelopment of the project may proceed, as attached hereto and made a part of, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  over from 2/23/10 for publication and public hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 170  February 23 Meeting) THE FOLLOWING PERSONS APPEARED AND SPOKE: Proponents: Charles Peters Jr., TBF Company, LLC Charles Peters Sr., TBF Company, LLC Barbara Bird, Metro Omaha Builders Association, 4141 North 156th Street For the City: Bridget Hadley, Planning Department Rick Cunningham, Planning Director Motion by Jerram that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Gray ROLL CALL: Yeas: Stothert, Festersen, Gray, Jerram, Mr. President Absent: Thompson Res # 170  ADOPTED 5-0



# 2010-04-13

Item 72

Res. that, the attached Ames Plaza, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan for the redevelopment project that provides for the adaptive re-use of vacant, deteriorated property located at 5804 Ames Avenue, a Benson-Ames Alliance redevelopment site within North Omaha; the project site consists of an old vacant, two-story retail structure which will be developed into new mixed-use commercial, retail and office complex and also convenience storage on the west side, lower level of the structure; and, the plan recommends the use of **TIF** in an amount up to **$662,287.00** to offset the cost of acquisition, demolition, site development and related public improvement costs as may be required described in the redevelopment plan attached hereto and made a part of containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  see attached. Notice of public hearing on May 4, 2010 published in the Daily Record and the Omaha World Herald on April 15, 2010 and April 22, 2010. CCID # 418  Over three weeks to May 4, 2010 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII F. * * * * * * * * * * * * * "PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII D THE PUBLIC HEARING ON AGENDA ITEM NO. 73 SHALL BE HELD ON THE THIRD READING"

ZONING ORDINANCE ON FIRST READING and Planning Board Attachment 73. Ord. to rezone the property located at 19136 Harrison Street from DRDevelopment Reserve District to R3-Single-Family Residential District (Medium Density). CCID # 427  Publication to be made and public hearing and third reading to be held on April 27, 2010 as per City Charter requirements. (a) Planning Board and Planning Department recommend approval of a request to rezone the property located at 19136 Harrison Street from DR to R3  see attached. # 427  Over to 04/27/10

* * * * * * * * * * * * *


"PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII C, THE PUBLIC HEARINGS ON AGENDA ITEM NOS. 74 THROUGH 77 SHALL BE HELD ON THE SECOND READING"

ORDINANCE ON FIRST READING and Planning Board Attachment

Item 76

Ord. approving a **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Loan Agreement between the City of Omaha and the 1009 Capital Avenue, LLC to implement the 1009 Capital Avenue, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Plan for renovation, restoration, expansion and conversion of two existing structures  a two-story brick structure and one multi-level building; both are used for storage/warehousing, and are currently vacant  into three to four distinct office and/or retail spaces totaling approximately 17,500 square feet; to authorize the use of **$425,000.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and to provide for an effective date  see attached. CCID # 429  Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on April 20, 2010 as per City Charter requirements.


# 2010-04-20

Item 49

Ord. approving a **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Loan Agreement between the City of Omaha and the 1009 Capital Avenue, LLC to implement the 1009 Capital Avenue, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Plan for renovation, restoration, expansion and conversion of the two existing structures  a two-story brick structure and one multi-level building; both are used for storage/warehousing, and are currently vacant  into three to four distinct office and/or retail spaces totaling approximately 17,500 square feet; to authorize the use of **$425,000.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and to provide for an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 429  April 13 Meeting) Ken Johnson, Planning Department, appeared and spoke. CCID # 429  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for April 27, 2010 as per City Charter requirements.


# 2010-04-27

Item 26

Ord. to approve the transfer of a permanent easement in land to the State of Nebraska for a fee in the amount of five hundred dollars (**$500**) for purposes of constructing and maintaining an acceleration lane as part of the improvements of Interstate 80 between the Missouri River Bridge and 24th Street Bridge; to authorize the Mayor to execute the attached Acquisition Contract and Easement Agreement; and to provide an effective date thereof  see attached. (See Doc. # 428  April 13 and April 20 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on April 20, 2010 published in the Daily Record on April 16, 2010. Ordinance passed on April 27, 2010 published in the Daily Record on May 5, 2010. CCID # 428  Motion by Gray that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Stothert ROLL CALL: Yeas: Thompson, Festersen, Gray, Jerram, Mulligan, Stothert, Mr. President ORDINANCE # 38713 PASSED 7-0


AGENDA ITEM NO. 27 REMOVED FROM THE CONSENT AGENDA AT THE REQUEST OF COUNCILMEMBER FESTERSEN 27. Ord. approving a **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Loan Agreement between the City of Omaha and the 1009 Capital Avenue, LLC to implement the 1009 Capital Avenue, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Plan for renovation, restoration, expansion and conversion of the two existing structures  a two-story brick structure and one multi-level building; both are used for storage/warehousing, and are currently vacant  into three to four distinct office and/or retail spaces totaling approximately 17,500 square feet; to authorize the use of **$425,000.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and to provide for an effective date  see attached. (See Doc. # 429  April 13 and April 20 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on April 20, 2010 published in the Daily Record on April 16, 2010. Ordinance passed on April 27, 2010 published in the Daily Record on May 5, 2010. CCID # 429  Motion by Jerram that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Gray ROLL CALL: Yeas: Thompson, Gray, Jerram, Mulligan, Stothert, Mr. President Pass: Festersen CITY CLERK CALLS THE ROLL AGAIN: ROLL CALL: Yeas: Thompson, Gray, Jerram, Mulligan, Stothert, Mr. President Pass: Festersen Councilmember Festersen passed due to potential conflict of interest ORDINANCE # 38715 PASSED 6-0-1 Pass


# 2010-05-04

Item 52

Res. that, the attached Ames Plaza, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan for the redevelopment project that provides for the adaptive re-use of vacant, deteriorated property located at 5804 Ames Avenue, a Benson-Ames Alliance redevelopment site within North Omaha; the project site consists of an old vacant, two-story retail structure which will be developed into new mixed-use commercial, retail and office complex and also convenience storage on the west side, lower level of the structure; and, the plan recommends the use of **TIF** in an amount up to **$662,287.00** to offset the cost of acquisition, demolition, site development and related public improvement costs as may be required described in the redevelopment plan attached hereto and made a part of containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  over from 4/13/10 for publication and public hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 418  April 13 Meeting) THE FOLLOWING PERSONS APPEARED AND SPOKE: Proponents: Ken Bunger, Attorney representing the Development, 5016 North Avenue Arun Agarwal, 804 Meadow Road Ashley Hume, 5405 North 78th Street For the City: Bridget Hadley, Planning Department Motion by Gray that the Resolution be ADOPTED AS AMENDED Seconded by Thompson ROLL CALL: Yeas: Festersen, Gray, Jerram, Mulligan, Stothert, Thompson, Mr. President Res # 418  ADOPTED AS AMENDED 7-0 (a) Amendment requested by the Planning Department  see attached. # 418  Motion by Gray that the Amendment be approved Seconded by Thompson ROLL CALL: Yeas: Festersen, Gray, Jerram, Mulligan, Stothert, Thompson, Mr. President Motion Carried 7-0

103rd


"PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII D THE PUBLIC HEARINGS ON AGENDA ITEM NOS. 53 THROUGH 54 SHALL BE HELD ON THE THIRD READING"

ZONING ORDINANCE ON FIRST READING AND Planning Board Attachment Ord. to rezone property located Northeast of 180th and Pacific Streets from AGAgricultural District and MU-Mixed Use District to MU-Mixed Use District. CCID # 545  Publication to be made and public hearing and third reading to be held on May 18, 2010 as per City Charter requirements. (a) Planning Board and Planning Department recommend approval of a request to rezone property located Northeast of 180th and Pacific Streets from AG and MU to MU  see attached. # 545  Over to 05/18/10


# 2010-06-22

Item 46

Res. that the attached 828 South 17th Street, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan for the redevelopment project that provides for a plant expansion and remodel to an existing building that will increase the manufacturing capacity of the current tenant to keep up with increasing sales demands; and, this project allows for business expansion and increased investment, increased employment opportunities, and an increase in real property taxes along the southern edge of downtown; and the plan recommends the use of **TIF** in an amount up to **$440,000.00** to offset the cost of site preparation, site development and related public improvement costs as may be required described in the redevelopment plan attached hereto and made a part hereof containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  see attached. CCID # 736  Over three weeks to July 13, 2010 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII F.

Item 47

Res. that the attached Capitol Rows, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan for the redevelopment project that takes underutilized parcels between 22nd to 24th Streets, Chicago to Davenport Streets to create eighty-two new, market-rate apartment units, and a commercial space for a new business within an urban residential village setting on the northwest edge of Downtown Omaha; and the plan recommends the use of **TIF** in an amount up to **$765,000.00** to offset the cost of site preparation, site development and related public improvement costs as may be required as described in the redevelopment plan attached hereto and made a part hereof containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  see attached. CCID # 737  Over three weeks to July 13, 2010 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII F.

* * * * * * * * * * * * *


"PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII C THE PUBLIC HEARING ON AGENDA ITEM NOS. 48 THROUGH 49 SHALL BE HELD ON THE SECOND READING"

ORDINANCES ON FIRST READING


# 2010-07-13

Item 57

Res. that the attached 828 South 17th Street, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan for the redevelopment project that provides for a plant expansion and remodel to an existing building that will increase the manufacturing capacity of the current tenant to keep up with increasing sales demands; and, this project allows for business expansion and increased investment, increased employment opportunities, and an increase in real property taxes along the southern edge of downtown; and the plan recommends the use of **TIF** in an amount up to **$440,000.00** to offset the cost of site preparation, site development and related public improvement costs as may be required described in the redevelopment plan attached hereto and made a part hereof containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  over from 6/22/10 see attached. ((MOTION NEEDED TO LAY OVER ONE WEEK TO 7/20/10 FOR CORRECTED PUBLICATION AND CONTINUE THE PUBLIC HEARING)) (See Doc. # 736  June 22 Meeting) CCID # 736  Motion by Gray that the Resolution be laid over one week to July 20, 2010 for corrected publication and continue the public hearing Seconded by Mulligan ROLL CALL: Yeas: Jerram, Mulligan, Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Gray, Mr. President Motion Carried 7-0


Item 58

Res. that the attached Capitol Rows, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan for the redevelopment project that takes underutilized parcels between 22nd to 24th Streets, Chicago to Davenport Streets to create eighty-two new, market-rate apartment units, and a commercial space for a new business within an urban residential village setting on the northwest edge of Downtown Omaha; and the plan recommends the use of **TIF** in an amount up to **$765,000.00** to offset the cost of site preparation, site development and related public improvement costs as may be required as described in the redevelopment plan attached hereto and made a part hereof containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  over from 6/22/10 - see attached. ((MOTION NEEDED TO LAY OVER ONE WEEK TO 7/20/10 FOR CORRECTED PUBLICATION AND CONTINUE THE PUBLIC HEARING)) (See Doc. # 737  June 22 Meeting) CCID # 737  Motion by Gray that the Resolution be laid over one week to July 20, 2010 for corrected publication and continue the public hearing Seconded by Mulligan ROLL CALL: Yeas: Jerram, Mulligan, Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Gray, Mr. President Motion Carried 7-0

APPEAL RE: BID REJECTIONS


# 2010-07-20

Item 35
RESOLUTIONS 35. Res. that the attached 828 South 17th Street, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan for the redevelopment project that provides for a plant expansion and remodel to an existing building that will increase the manufacturing capacity of the current tenant to keep up with increasing sales demands; and, this project allows for business expansion and increased investment, increased employment opportunities, and an increase in real property taxes along the southern edge of downtown; and the plan recommends the use of **TIF** in an amount up to **$440,000.00** to offset the cost of site preparation, site development and related public improvement costs as may be required described in the redevelopment plan attached hereto and made a part hereof containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  over from 7/13/10 for corrected publication  had publication - see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING CONTINUED TO TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 736  June 22 and July 13 Meetings) Bridget Hadley, Planning Department, appeared and spoke. Motion by Gray that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Stothert ROLL CALL: Yeas: Mulligan, Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Gray, Jerram, Mr. President Res # 736  ADOPTED 7-0

Item 36

Res. that the attached Capitol Rows, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan for the redevelopment project that takes underutilized parcels between 22nd to 24th Streets, Chicago to Davenport Streets to create eighty-two new, market-rate apartment units, and a commercial space for a new business within an urban residential village setting on the northwest edge of Downtown Omaha; and the plan recommends the use of **TIF** in an amount up to **$765,000.00** to offset the cost of site preparation, site development and related public improvement costs as may be required as described in the redevelopment plan attached hereto and made a part hereof containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  over from 7/13/10 for corrected publication  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING CONTINUED TO TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 737  June 22 and July 13 Meetings)


THE FOLLOWING PERSONS APPEARED AND SPOKE: Protestant: Angela Cerveny, Vice President, Nebraska Taxpayers for Freedom, 20401 Pacific Street For the City: Bridget Hadley, Planning Department Motion by Gray that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Mulligan ROLL CALL: Yeas: Mulligan, Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Gray, Jerram, Mr. President Res # 737  ADOPTED 7-0

"PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII F AGENDA ITEM NOS. 37 THROUGH 38 SHALL BE LAID OVER THREE WEEKS FOR PUBLICATION AND PUBLIC HEARING" 37. Res. the Midtown West study area with boundaries generally described as 33rd Street on the east, 52nd Street on the west, Charles Street on the north and Pacific Street on the south; with 52nd Street on the east and 60th Street on the west between Leavenworth and Pacific Streets which includes census tracts 4200 to 4500 and 4800 to 5100 is hereby declared a blighted and substandard area in need of redevelopment  see attached. CCID # 859  Over three weeks to August 10, 2010 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII F.

Item 38

Res. that the attached Notre Dame Apartments, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan for the redevelopment project that will convert the unused and under-utilized central and west wings of the Notre Dame Academy and Convent located at 3501 State Street into 30 new apartments for seniors, and renovate 32 apartments in the east wing of the same building to make them more energy-efficient; and the plan recommends the use of **TIF** in an amount up to **$225,000.00** to offset the cost of project development as described in the redevelopment plan attached hereto and made a part hereof, of containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 182150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  see attached. CCID # 860  Over three weeks to August 10, 2010 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII F.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * *


"PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII C THE PUBLIC HEARINGS ON AGENDA ITEM NOS. 39 THROUGH 44 SHALL BE HELD ON THE SECOND READING" ORDINANCES ON FIRST READING

Item 39

Ord. declaring the necessity of acquiring, for use by the City of Omaha, the necessary private property for the purpose of the Nicholas Street Sewer Extension-Phase I, between 16th Street and Abbott Drive, also known as City Project No. OPW 51892, providing that the City negotiate with the property owners for land acquisition, permanent easements and temporary construction easements; providing that as to each specified parcel which cannot be obtained by negotiation, condemnation proceedings be undertaken and completed; and, providing for the effective date hereof  see attached. CCID # 861  Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on July 27, 2010 as per City Charter requirements. Ord. approving a **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Loan Agreement between the City of Omaha and the TBF Company, LLC to approve **Tax Increment Financing** in the amount of **$402,000.00** to implement the TBF Company, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Plan for the redevelopment of a site from 17th to 18th Streets from "Q" to "S" Streets, a low-income housing tax credit project, which will consist of 13 buildings that will contain 48 new townhomes with a separate community building; the City will use its power of eminent domain to acquire title to a parcel of land addressed as 5207 S. 18th Street within the redevelopment project site and convey this parcel of land to TBF Company LLC and TBF Company LLC will reimburse the City of Omaha for its cost to acquire and convey the parcel of land; and, to provide for an effective date  see attached. CCID # 862  Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on July 27, 2010 as per City Charter requirements.


# 2010-07-27

Item 46

Ord. approving a **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Loan Agreement between the City of Omaha and the TBF Company, LLC to approve **Tax Increment Financing** in the amount of **$402,000.00** to implement the TBF Company, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Plan for the redevelopment of a site from 17th to 18th Streets from "Q" to "S" Streets, a low-income housing tax credit project, which will consist of 13 buildings that will contain 48 new townhomes with a separate community building; the City will use its power of eminent domain to acquire title to a parcel of land addressed as 5207 S. 18th Street within the redevelopment project site and convey this parcel of land to TBF Company LLC and TBF Company LLC will reimburse the City of Omaha for its cost to acquire and convey the parcel of land; and, to provide for an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 862  July 20 Meeting) THE FOLLOWING PERSONS APPEARED AND SPOKE: Proponent: Ted Grace For the City: Bridget Hadley, Planning Department CCID # 862  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for August 10, 2010 pursuant to City Council Rule VII H.



# 2010-08-10

Item 15

Ord. approving a **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Loan Agreement between the City of Omaha and the TBF Company, LLC to approve **Tax Increment Financing** in the amount of **$402,000.00** to implement the TBF Company, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Plan for the redevelopment of a site from 17th to 18th Streets from "Q" to "S" Streets, a low-income housing tax credit project, which will consist of 13 buildings that will contain 48 new townhomes with a separate community building; the City will use its power of eminent domain to acquire title to a parcel of land addressed as 5207 S. 18th Street within the redevelopment project site and convey this parcel of land to TBF Company LLC and TBF Company LLC will reimburse the City of Omaha for its cost to acquire and convey the parcel of land; and, to provide for an effective date  see attached. (See Doc. # 862  July 20 and July 27 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on July 27, 2010 published in the Daily Record on July 23, 2010. Ordinance passed on August 10, 2010 published in the Daily Record on August 18, 2010. CCID # 862  Motion by Gray that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Stothert ROLL CALL: Yeas: Thompson, Festersen, Gray, Jerram, Mulligan, Stothert, Mr. President ORDINANCE # 38780 PASSED 7-0

Item 40

Res. that the attached Notre Dame Apartments, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan for the redevelopment project that will convert the unused and under-utilized central and west wings of the Notre Dame Academy and Convent located at 3501 State Street into 30 new apartments for seniors, and renovate 32 apartments in the east wing of the same building to make them more energy-efficient; and the plan recommends the use of **TIF** in an amount up to **$225,000.00** to offset the cost of project development as described in the redevelopment plan attached hereto and made a part hereof, of containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 182150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  over from 7/20/10 for publication and public hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 860  July 20 Meeting) Bridget Hadley, Planning Department, appeared and spoke. Motion by Festersen that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Mulligan ROLL CALL: Yeas: Thompson, Festersen, Gray, Jerram, Mulligan, Stothert, Mr. President Res # 860  ADOPTED 7-0


# 2010-08-24

Item 67

Ord. approving a Redevelopment Loan Agreement between the City of Omaha and Capitol Rows, LLC to implement the Capitol Rows, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Plan for the redevelopment project site between 22nd to 24th Streets, Chicago to Davenport Streets to create eighty-two new, market-rate apartment units, and a commercial space for a new business within an urban residential village setting on the northwest edge of Downtown Omaha; to approve **Tax Increment Financing** in the amount of **$765,000.00** to offset public infrastructure costs and site preparation costs related to the project which has a total estimated project cost of **$10,081,259.00**; and, to provide for an effective date  see attached. CCID # 1003  Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on August 31, 2010 as per City Charter requirements.

* * * * * * * * * * * * *

EXECUTIVE SESSION


# 2010-08-31

Item 43

Ord. approving a Redevelopment Loan Agreement between the City of Omaha and Capitol Rows, LLC to implement the Capitol Rows, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Plan for the redevelopment project site between 22nd to 24th Streets, Chicago to Davenport Streets to create eighty-two new, market-rate apartment units, and a commercial space for a new business within an urban residential village setting on the northwest edge of Downtown Omaha; to approve **Tax Increment Financing** in the amount of **$765,000.00** to offset public infrastructure costs and site preparation costs related to the project which has a total estimated project cost of **$10,081,259.00**; and, to provide for an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1003  August 24 Meeting) Bridget Hadley, Planning Department, appeared and spoke. CCID # 1003  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for September 14, 2010 pursuant to City Council Rule VII H.

* * * * * * * * * * * * *


# 2010-09-14

Item 19
CONSENT AGENDA  ORDINANCES 19. Ord. declaring the necessity of acquiring, for use by the City of Omaha, the necessary private property for the purpose of constructing the Big Papillion Creek Interceptor Sewer Improvement (West Dodge Road to Blondo Street near 117th Street) project identified as OPW 51586; providing that the City negotiate with the property owners for permanent easements and temporary construction easements; providing that as to each specified parcel which cannot be obtained by negotiation, condemnation proceedings be undertaken and completed; and, providing for the effective date hereof  see attached. (See Doc. # 1001  August 24 and August 31 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on August 31, 2010 published in the Daily Record on August 27, 2010. Ordinance passed September 14, 2010 published in the Daily Record on September 22, 2010. CCID # 1001  Motion by Gray that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Stothert ROLL CALL: Yeas: Mulligan, Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Gray, Jerram, Mr. President ORDINANCE # 38814 PASSED 7-0 AGENDA ITEM NO. 20 REMOVED FROM THE CONSENT AGENDA AT THE REQUEST OF COUNCILMEMBER JERRAM 20. Ord. to approve an Agreement for the sale of City-owned real estate, to provide that notwithstanding any provisions of the Omaha Municipal Code to the contrary, the City is authorized to enter into the attached Purchase and Sale Agreement with No Do Zesto Development, LLC, to convey the property legally described as Lot 5, Union Pacific Place Addition to the City of Omaha, Douglas County, Nebraska, for the sum of Two Hundred Seventy Thousand Dollars (**$270,000**), and to provide the effective date thereof  see attached. (See Doc. # 1002  August 24 and August 31 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on August 31, 2010 published in the Daily Record on August 27, 2010. Ordinance passed September 14, 2010 published in the Daily Record on September 22, 2010.
CCID # 1002  Motion by Gray that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Festersen ROLL CALL: Yeas: Mulligan, Stothert, Festersen, Gray, Mr. President Nay: Thompson Pass: Jerram CITY CLERK CALLS THE ROLL AGAIN: ROLL CALL: Yeas: Mulligan, Stothert, Festersen, Gray, Mr. President Nay: Thompson Pass: Jerram Councilmember Jerram passed due to potential conflict of interest ORDINANCE # 38815 PASSED 5-1-1 Pass -9-

(a)

Communications supporting the Purchase and Sale Agreement between the City and No Do Zesto Development, LLC  over from 8/31/10  see attached. (See Doc. # 1002  August 31 Meeting) # 1002  From Chair on File

((MOTION NEEDED THAT THE ORDINANCES ON THE CONSENT AGENDA BE PASSED)) * * * * * * * * * * * * * * ORDINANCE ON FINAL READING 21. Ord. approving a Redevelopment Loan Agreement between the City of Omaha and Capitol Rows, LLC to implement the Capitol Rows, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Plan for the redevelopment project site between 22nd to 24th Streets, Chicago to Davenport Streets to create eighty-two new, market-rate apartment units, and a commercial space for a new business within an urban residential village setting on the northwest edge of Downtown Omaha; to approve **Tax Increment Financing** in the amount of **$765,000.00** to offset public infrastructure costs and site preparation costs related to the project which has a total estimated project cost of **$10,081,259.00**; and, to provide for an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING HELD 8/31/10  CAN BE PASSED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1003  August 24 and August 31 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on August 31, 2010 published in the Daily Record on August 27, 2010. Ordinance passed September 14, 2010 published in the Daily Record on September 22, 2010. CCID # 1003  Ordinance read Motion by Gray that the Ordinance be PASSED AS AMENDED Seconded by Festersen ROLL CALL: Yeas: Mulligan, Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Gray, Jerram, Mr. President ORDINANCE # 38816 PASSED AS AMENDED 7-0 (a) Amendment requested by the Planning Department  see attached. # 1003  Motion by Gray that the Amendment be approved Seconded by Festersen ROLL CALL: Yeas: Mulligan, Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Gray, Jerram, Mr. President Motion Carried 7-0

* * * * * * * * * * * * (The public hearings on Agenda Item Nos. 22 through 35 are today. If you wish to address the City Council regarding these items, please come to the microphone, indicate the Agenda Item Number you wish to address, identify yourself by your name, address, who you represent, and if you are a proponent or opponent.)

CONSENT AGENDA  RESOLUTIONS

Item 40

Ord. approving a Redevelopment and **Tax Increment Financing** Loan Agreement between the City of Omaha and 828 South 17th Street, LLC, a Nebraska Limited Liability Company which provides up to **$440,000.00** in **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) for the redevelopment of the food processing/manufacturing facility inclusive of site improvements located at 828 South 17th Street, Omaha, Nebraska; and providing for an effective date  see attached. CCID # 1077  Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on September 21, 2010 as per City Charter requirements.


# 2010-09-21

Item 18

Ord. to rezone property located Southeast of Highway 133 and Pawnee Road from AG-Agricultural District to DR-Development Reserve District. (See Doc. # 1073  September 14 Meeting) CCID # 1073  ORDINANCE ON SECOND READING  Final reading to be held on September 28, 2010 as per City Charter requirements.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * ORDINANCES ON SECOND READING 19. Ord. to approve the execution of a Professional Services Agreement between the City of Omaha and AECOM Technical Services, Inc., for the updating of the transportation element of the City's Master Plan, involving the payment of Three Hundred Sixty-seven Thousand, Three Hundred Thirty-five Dollars (**$367,335**) from appropriations of more than one year in accordance with Section 5.17 of the Omaha Home Rule Charter, as amended  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1056  September 14 Meeting) CCID # 1056  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for September 28, 2010 as per City Charter requirements. 20. Ord. approving a Redevelopment and **Tax Increment Financing** Loan Agreement between the City of Omaha and 828 South 17th Street, LLC, a Nebraska Limited Liability Company which provides up to **$440,000.00** in **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) for the redevelopment of the food processing/manufacturing facility inclusive of site improvements located at 828 South 17th Street, Omaha, Nebraska; and providing for an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1077  September 14 Meeting)

Bridget Hadley, Planning Department, appeared and spoke. CCID # 1077  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for September 28, 2010 as per City Charter requirements.


# 2010-09-28

Item 20

Ord. approving a Redevelopment and **Tax Increment Financing** Loan Agreement between the City of Omaha and 828 South 17th Street, LLC, a Nebraska Limited Liability Company which provides up to **$440,000.00** in **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) for the redevelopment of the food processing/manufacturing facility inclusive of site improvements located at 828 South 17th Street, Omaha, Nebraska; and providing for an effective date  see attached. (See Doc. # 1077  September 14 and September 21 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on September 21, 2010 published in the Daily Record on September 17, 2010. Ordinance passed on September 28, 2010 published in the Daily Record on October 6, 2010. CCID # 1077  Motion by Gray that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Jerram ROLL CALL: Yeas: Thompson, Festersen, Gray, Jerram, Mulligan, Stothert, Mr. President ORDINANCE # 38823 PASSED 7-0


# 2010-10-19

Item 70

Ord. approving a Redevelopment Loan Agreement between the City of Omaha and Notre Dame Apartments, LLC to implement the Notre Dame Apartments, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Plan for the redevelopment project that will convert the unused and under-utilized central and west wings of the Notre Dame Academy and Convent located at 3501 State Street into 30 new apartments for seniors, and that will renovate 32 apartments in the east wing of the same building to make the units more energy-efficient; to authorize the use of **$225,000.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and, to provide for an effective date  see attached. CCID # 1218  Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on October 26, 2010 as per City Charter requirements.


# 2010-10-26

Item 47
ORDINANCE ON SECOND READING 47. Ord. to approve an amendment to the Land Use Element of the Master Plan for the City of Omaha, to change the future land designation from industrial to medium/high density residential for property located Northeast of 40th and Pacific Streets; and to provide for the effective date hereof  see attached. (See Doc. # 1208  October 19 Meeting) CCID # 1208  ORDINANCE ON SECOND READING  Final reading to be held on November 2, 2010 as per City Charter requirements.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * ORDINANCES ON SECOND READING 48. Ord. approving a Redevelopment Loan Agreement between the City of Omaha and Notre Dame Apartments, LLC to implement the Notre Dame Apartments, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Plan for the redevelopment project that will convert the unused and under-utilized central and west wings of the Notre Dame Academy and Convent located at 3501 State Street into 30 new apartments for seniors, and that will renovate 32 apartments in the east wing of the same building to make the units more energy-efficient; to authorize the use of **$225,000.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and, to provide for an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1218  October 19 Meeting) Bridget Hadley, Planning Department, appeared and spoke. CCID # 1218  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for November 2, 2010 per City Charter requirements.

Item 55

Res. that the attached Piano Building, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Project Plan proposes a mixed-use commercial redevelopment project that will rehabilitate/retrofit and convert approximately 14,600 square feet of a historic building formerly known as the "Hillcrest Building" located at 4900 Dodge Street into ground floor retail space with office above; and recommends the City's participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) in an amount up to **$397,000.00** to offset the costs of rehabilitating/retrofitting and conversion of the building and costs of public improvements to the project site and adjacent to the project site as may be required, prepared by the Omaha City Planning Department, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  see attached. CCID # 1239  Over four weeks to November 23, 2010 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII H. * * * * * * * * * * * * *

"PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII C THE PUBLIC HEARINGS ON AGENDA ITEM NOS. 56 THROUGH 60 SHALL BE HELD ON THE SECOND READING"


# 2010-11-02

Item 27

Ord. approving a Redevelopment Loan Agreement between the City of Omaha and Notre Dame Apartments, LLC to implement the Notre Dame Apartments, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Plan for the redevelopment project that will convert the unused and under-utilized central and west wings of the Notre Dame Academy and Convent located at 3501 State Street into 30 new apartments for seniors, and that will renovate 32 apartments in the east wing of the same building to make the units more energy-efficient; to authorize the use of **$225,000.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and, to provide for an effective date  see attached. (See Doc. # 1218  October 19 and October 26 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on October 26, 2010 published in the Daily Record on October 22, 2010. Ordinance passed on November 2, 2010 published in the Daily Record on November 10, 2010. CCID # 1218  Motion by Gray that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Stothert ROLL CALL: Yeas: Mulligan, Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Gray, Jerram, Mr. President ORDINANCE # 38863 PASSED 7-0


# 2010-11-23

Item 42

Res. that the attached Piano Building, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Project Plan proposes a mixed-use commercial redevelopment project that will rehabilitate/retrofit and convert approximately 14,600 square feet of a historic building formerly known as the "Hillcrest Building" located at 4900 Dodge Street into ground floor retail space with office above; and recommends the City's participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) in an amount up to **$397,000.00** to offset the costs of rehabilitating/retrofitting and conversion of the building and costs of public improvements to the project site and adjacent to the project site as may be required, prepared by the Omaha City Planning Department, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  over from 10/26/10 from publication and public hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1239  October 26 Meeting)

THE FOLLOWING PERSONS APPEARED AND SPOKE: Proponent: Matt Dougherty For the City: Bridget Hadley, Planning Department Motion by Festersen that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Gray ROLL CALL: Yeas: Thompson, Festersen, Gray, Jerram, Mulligan, Stothert, Mr. President Res # 1239  ADOPTED 7-0 "PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII F AGENDA ITEM NO. 43 SHALL BE LAID OVER THREE WEEKS FOR PUBLICATION AND PUBLIC HEARING"


# 2010-12-21

Item 72

Ord. approving a Redevelopment Loan Agreement between the City of Omaha and the Ames Plaza, LLC to implement the Ames Plaza, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Plan for the adaptive reuse of vacant, deteriorated property; to develop the project site located at 5804 Ames Avenue, which consists of an old vacant, two-story retail structure into a new mixed-use commercial, retail and office complex in addition to convenience storage on the west side, lower level of the structure; to authorize the use of **$662,287.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and to provide for an effective date  see attached. CCID # 1523  Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on January 11, 2011 pursuant to City Council Rule VII H.

