All mentions of "TIF" in all available journals.

* [Source code](https://github.com/opennebraska/pri-tif/tree/master/cityofomaha.org)
* [All PDF, text files in Dropbox](https://www.dropbox.com/sh/lb1kwtfou7b2kg4/AACAZrrrBOnzRUmgK6ek14a1a?dl=0)



# 2011-01-11

Item 64

Ord. approving a Redevelopment Loan Agreement between the City of Omaha and the Ames Plaza, LLC to implement the Ames Plaza, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Plan for the adaptive reuse of vacant, deteriorated property; to develop the project site located at 5804 Ames Avenue, which consists of an old vacant, two-story retail structure into a new mixed-use commercial, retail and office complex in addition to convenience storage on the west side, lower level of the structure; to authorize the use of **$662,287.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and to provide for an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1523  December 21 Meeting)

THE FOLLOWING PERSONS APPEARED AND SPOKE: Proponent: Ashley Hume, representing the developer For the City: Bridget Hadley, Planning Department CCID # 1523  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for January 25, 2011 pursuant to City Council Rule VII H.


# 2011-01-25

Item 18

Ord. approving a Redevelopment Loan Agreement between the City of Omaha and the Ames Plaza, LLC to implement the Ames Plaza, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Plan for the adaptive reuse of vacant, deteriorated property; to develop the project site located at 5804 Ames Avenue, which consists of an old vacant, two-story retail structure into a new mixed-use commercial, retail and office complex in addition to convenience storage on the west side, lower level of the structure; to authorize the use of **$662,287.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and to provide for an effective date  see attached. (See Doc. # 1523  December 21 and January 11 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on January 11, 2011 published in the Daily Record on December 24, 2010. Ordinance passed on January 25, 2011 published in the Daily Record on February 2, 2011. CCID # 1523  Motion by Gray that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Mulligan ROLL CALL: Yeas: Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Gray, Jerram, Mulligan, Mr. President ORDINANCE # 38929 PASSED 7-0

Item 57

Res. that, the City Council urges Governor Dave Heineman to reconsider the proposed reductions to State Aid to Municipalities and encourages funding of this important assistance to Nebraska's municipal governments up to the full funding amount in fiscal year 2011; and that Jack Cheloha, the City's lobbyist, is hereby directed to lobby the State Legislature to seek restoration of funding for the State Aid to Municipalities  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) Res # 100  Resolution read Motion by Jerram that the Resolution be ADOPTED AS AMENDED Seconded by Mulligan ROLL CALL: Yeas: Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Gray, Jerram, Mulligan, Mr. President ADOPTED AS AMENDED 7-0 (a) Amendment requested by Councilmember Festersen  see attached. Motion by Festersen that the Amendment be approved Seconded by Gray ROLL CALL: Yeas: Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Gray, Jerram, Mulligan, Mr. President Motion Carried 7-0


"PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII F AGENDA ITEM NO. 58 SHALL BE LAID OVER THREE WEEKS FOR PUBLICATION AND PUBLIC HEARING" 58. Res. that the Amendment to Courtland Place No. 2, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan to change the legal description as shown in the new exhibits and to reduce the number of units from 29 to 13 units as recommended by the City Planning Department, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, be and hereby is approved; and it is further resolved that, the Courtland Place No. 2, LLC Phase II **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan which proposes the allocation of **$764,000.00** of the original **$1,240,000.00** **tax increment financing** loan from Courtland Place No. 2, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan to assist in financing the development and completion of the remaining 16 rowhouses at 12 th Court and Mayberry Plaza near 12th and Leavenworth Streets as recommended by the City Planning Department, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, be and hereby is approved  see attached. Notice of public hearing on February 15, 2011 published in the Daily Record on January 27, 2011 and February 3, 2011. CCID # 93  Over three weeks to February 15, 2011 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII F.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * REGULATION City of Omaha Commuter Wheel Fee Regulations  see attached. ((MOTION NEEDED TO RECEIVE AND PLACE ON FILE)) CCID # 94  Motion by Thompson to receive and place on file Seconded by Gray ROLL CALL: Yeas: Gray, Jerram, Mulligan, Mr. President Nays: Stothert, Thompson, Festersen Motion Carried 4-3

Item 62

Ord. to approve an Amendment to the Noddle Development Company **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Agreement with Noddle AV2, L.L.C., a Nebraska Limited Liability Company, Noddle AV3, LLC, a Nebraska Limited Liability Company LLC, Noddle AV4, LLC, a Nebraska Limited Liability Company, and Zone Three Commons, LLC, a Nebraska Limited Liability Company, all located within the Aksarben Village Redevelopment Area, located at 67th and Center; authorizing an increase in the approved total **Tax Increment Financing** amount from **$3,356,300.00** as authorized by Ordinance No. 37780 approved on July 17, 2007 to **$4,595,975.00** as a result of increased site development and infrastructure costs related to construction development of the project sites for Noddle AV3, LLC, Noddle AV4, LLC and Zone Three Commons, LLC; all other terms and conditions of the original agreement shall remain unchanged in full force and effect  see attached. CCID # 98  Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on February 1, 2011 as per City Charter requirements.


# 2011-02-01

Item 55

Ord. to approve an Amendment to the Noddle Development Company **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Agreement with Noddle AV2, L.L.C., a Nebraska Limited Liability Company, Noddle AV3, LLC, a Nebraska Limited Liability Company LLC, Noddle AV4, LLC, a Nebraska Limited Liability Company, and Zone Three Commons, LLC, a Nebraska Limited Liability Company, all located within the Aksarben Village Redevelopment Area, located at 67 th and Center; authorizing an increase in the approved total **Tax Increment Financing** amount from **$3,356,300.00** as authorized by Ordinance No. 37780 approved on

July 17, 2007 to **$4,595,975.00** as a result of increased site development and infrastructure costs related to construction development of the project sites for Noddle AV3, LLC, Noddle AV4, LLC and Zone Three Commons, LLC; all other terms and conditions of the original agreement shall remain unchanged in full force and effect  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 98  January 25 Meeting) THE FOLLOWING PERSONS APPEARED AND SPOKE: Proponent: Jay Noddle, Noddle Companies at Aksarben Village For the City: Bridget Hadley, Planning Department CCID # 98  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for February 8, 2011 as per City Charter requirements.


# 2011-02-08

Item 9

Ord. to approve an Amendment to the Noddle Development Company **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Agreement with Noddle AV2, L.L.C., a Nebraska Limited Liability Company, Noddle AV3, LLC, a Nebraska Limited Liability Company LLC, Noddle AV4, LLC, a Nebraska Limited Liability Company, and Zone Three Commons, LLC, a Nebraska Limited Liability Company, all located within the Aksarben Village Redevelopment Area, located at 67th and Center; authorizing an increase in the approved total **Tax Increment Financing** amount from **$3,356,300.00** as authorized by Ordinance No. 37780 approved on July 17, 2007 to **$4,595,975.00** as a result of increased site development and infrastructure costs related to construction development of the project sites for Noddle AV3, LLC, Noddle AV4, LLC and Zone Three Commons, LLC; all other terms and conditions of the original agreement shall remain unchanged in full force and effect  see attached. (See Doc. # 98  January 25 and February 1 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on February 1, 2011 published in the Daily Record on January 28, 2011. Ordinance passed on February 8, 2011 published in the Daily Record on February 16, 2011. CCID # 98  Motion by Gray that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Stothert ROLL CALL: Yeas: Festersen, Gray, Jerram, Mulligan, Stothert, Thompson, Mr. President ORDINANCE # 38946 PASSED 7-0


Item 26

Res. that the attached Farm Credit Building, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Plan contemplates the adaptive re-use of the Farm Credit Building located at 206 South 19th Street into a mixed-use commercial and residential redevelopment project, the office floors will be converted into marketrate apartment units, the ground floor will remain commercial space, and the 11 th floor will be enlarged to house common-tenant amenities; the plan also contemplates the renovation of the Douglas Street Parking Garage located at 2021 Douglas Street and to construct an underground passage way which will connect the Farm Credit Building and the garage; and the plan recommends the City's participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** in an amount up to **$1,750,000.00** to offset the costs of rehabilitation and conversion of the Farm Credit Building, the renovation of the Douglas Street Parking Garage, the construction of an underground passage way as well as acquisition, demolition, and costs of public improvements as may be required, prepared by the Omaha City Planning Department, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Sections 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  see attached. Notice of public hearing on March 1, 2011 published in the Daily Record and the Omaha World Herald on February 10, 2011 and February 17, 2011. CCID # 148  Over three weeks to March 1, 2011 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII F.


Item 27

Res. the attached Midtown Properties, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan which proposes converting an under-utilized surface parking lot in the Joslyn Castle Neighborhood area located at 140 North 41st Street into a new market-rate, residential townhome construction project, which will consist of two buildings that will contain three townhome units per building; and recommends the City's participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) in an amount up to **$98,211.00** to offset costs of demolition, site development and public improvements costs, prepared by the Omaha City Planning Department, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Sections 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  see attached. Notice of public hearing on March 1, 2011 published in the Daily Record and the Omaha World Herald on February 10, 2011 and February 17, 2011. CCID # 149  Over three weeks to March 1, 2011 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII F. * * * * * * * * * * * * *

CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD OF EQUALIZATION


# 2011-02-15

Item 31

Res. that the Amendment to Courtland Place No. 2, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan to change the legal description as shown in the new exhibits and to reduce the number of units from 29 to 13 units as recommended by the City Planning Department, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, be and hereby is approved; and it is further resolved that, the Courtland Place No. 2, LLC Phase II **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan which proposes the allocation of **$764,000.00** of the original **$1,240,000.00** **tax increment financing** loan from Courtland Place No. 2, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan to assist in financing the development and completion of the remaining 16 rowhouses at 12 th Court and Mayberry Plaza near 12th and Leavenworth Streets as recommended by the City Planning Department, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, be and hereby is approved  over from 1/25/11 for publication and public hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 93  January 25 Meeting) Bridget Hadley, Planning Department, appeared and spoke. Motion by Jerram that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Gray ROLL CALL: Yeas: Gray, Jerram, Mulligan, Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Mr. President Res # 93  ADOPTED 7-0


# 2011-03-01

Item 42

Res. that the attached Farm Credit Building, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Plan contemplates the adaptive re-use of the Farm Credit Building located at 206 South 19th Street into a mixed-use commercial and residential redevelopment project, the office floors will be converted into marketrate apartment units, the ground floor will remain commercial space, and the 11 th floor will be enlarged to house common-tenant amenities; the plan also contemplates the renovation of the Douglas Street Parking Garage located at 2021 Douglas Street and to construct an underground passage way which will connect the Farm Credit Building and the garage; and the plan recommends the Citys participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** in an amount up to **$1,750,000.00** to offset the costs of rehabilitation and conversion of the Farm Credit Building, the renovation of the Douglas Street Parking Garage, the construction of an underground passage way as well as acquisition, demolition, and costs of public improvements as may be required, prepared by the Omaha City Planning Department, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Sections 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  over from 2/8/11 for publication and public hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 148  February 8 Meeting)

Bridget Hadley, Planning Department, appeared and spoke. Motion by Gray that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Mulligan ROLL CALL: Yeas: Jerram, Mulligan, Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Gray, Mr. President Res # 148  ADOPTED 7-0

Item 43

Res. the attached Midtown Properties, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan which proposes converting an under-utilized surface parking lot in the Joslyn Castle Neighborhood area located at 140 North 41st Street into a new market-rate, residential townhome construction project, which will consist of two buildings that will contain three townhome units per building; and recommends the Citys participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) in an amount up to **$98,211.00** to offset costs of demolition, site development and public improvements costs, prepared by the Omaha City Planning Department, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Sections 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  over from 2/8/11 for publication and public hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 149  February 8 Meeting) THE FOLLOWING PERSONS APPEARED AND SPOKE: Proponent: Reverend Howard Dotson, 610 South 32nd Avenue For the City: Bridget Hadley, Planning Department Motion by Gray that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Thompson ROLL CALL: Yeas: Jerram, Mulligan, Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Gray, Mr. President Res # 149  ADOPTED 7-0

APPEAL RE: BID REJECTION

Item 48

Ord. approving a Redevelopment Loan Agreement between the City of Omaha and the Piano Building, LLC to implement the Piano Building, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Plan for the rehabilitation/retrofit and conversion of approximately 14,600 s.f. of the historic Hillcrest Building, now known as the Piano Building, located at 4900 Dodge Street into ground floor retail space with office space above; to authorize the use of **$392,020.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and to provide for an effective date  see attached. CCID # 195 - Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on March 8, 2011 as per City Charter requirements.


# 2011-03-08

Item 29

Ord. approving a Redevelopment Loan Agreement between the City of Omaha and the Piano Building, LLC to implement the Piano Building, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Plan for the rehabilitation/retrofit and conversion of approximately 14,600 s.f. of the historic Hillcrest Building, now known as the Piano Building, located at 4900 Dodge Street into ground floor retail space with office space above; to authorize the use of **$392,020.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and to provide for an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 195  March 1 Meeting) THE FOLLOWING PERSONS APPEARED AND SPOKE: Proponent: Matt Dougherty, Developer For the City: Bridget Hadley, Planning Department CCID # 195  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for March 15, 2011 as per City Charter requirements.


# 2011-03-15

Item 21

Ord. approving a Redevelopment Loan Agreement between the City of Omaha and the Piano Building, LLC to implement the Piano Building, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Plan for the rehabilitation/retrofit and conversion of approximately 14,600 s.f. of the historic Hillcrest Building, now known as the Piano Building, located at 4900 Dodge Street into ground floor retail space with office space above; to authorize the use of **$392,020.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and to provide for an effective date  see attached. (See Doc. # 195  March 1 and March 8 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on March 8, 2011 published in the Daily Record on March 4, 2011. Ordinance passed on March 15, 2011 published in the Daily Record on March 23, 2011. CCID # 195  Motion by Gray that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Stothert ROLL CALL: Yeas: Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Gray, Jerram, Mulligan, Mr. President ORDINANCE # 38961 PASSED 7-0


Item 51

Ord. to approve an amendment to the Courtland Place No. 2 LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Agreement approved by Ordinance No. 38253 on September 30, 2008 to change the legal description, to reduce the number of units from 29 to 13 units, and to reduce the original **$1,240,000.00** **Tax Increment Financing** loan to **$476,000.00**; to approve the Courtland Place No. 2, LLC Phase II **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Loan Agreement between the City of Omaha and Courtland Place No. 2, LLC for the Courtland Place No. 2 Phase II Redevelopment Project Plan, which contemplates the use of **Tax Increment Financing** in the amount of **$764,000.00** to assist in financing the remaining 16 rowhouses in buildings 16 & 17 located at 12th Court & Mayberry Plaza near 12th & Leavenworth Streets; and providing for an effective date  see attached. CCID # 291 - Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on March 22, 2011 as per City Charter requirements.


# 2011-03-22

Item 49

Ord. to approve an amendment to the Courtland Place No. 2 LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Agreement approved by Ordinance No. 38253 on September 30, 2008 to change the legal description, to reduce the number of units from 29 to 13 units, and to reduce the original **$1,240,000.00** **Tax Increment Financing** loan to **$476,000.00**; to approve the Courtland Place No. 2, LLC Phase II **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Loan Agreement between the City of Omaha and Courtland Place No. 2, LLC for the Courtland Place No. 2 Phase II Redevelopment Project Plan, which contemplates the use of **Tax Increment Financing** in the amount of **$764,000.00** to assist in financing the remaining 16 rowhouses in buildings 16 & 17 located at 12th Court & Mayberry Plaza near 12th & Leavenworth Streets; and providing for an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 291  March 15 Meeting) CCID # 291  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for March 29, 2011 as per City Charter requirements.


# 2011-03-29

Item 18

Ord. to approve an amendment to the Courtland Place No. 2 LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Agreement approved by Ordinance No. 38253 on September 30, 2008 to change the legal description, to reduce the number of units from 29 to 13 units, and to reduce the original **$1,240,000.00** **Tax Increment Financing** loan to **$476,000.00**; to approve the Courtland Place No. 2, LLC Phase II **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Loan Agreement between the City of Omaha and Courtland Place No. 2, LLC for the Courtland Place No. 2 Phase II Redevelopment Project Plan, which contemplates the use of **Tax Increment Financing** in the amount of **$764,000.00** to assist in financing the remaining 16 rowhouses in buildings 16 & 17 located at 12th Court & Mayberry Plaza near 12th & Leavenworth Streets; and providing for an effective date  see attached. (See Doc. # 290  March 15 and March 22 Meetings) Notice of Public Hearing on March 22, 2011 published in the Daily Record on March 18, 2011. Ordinance passed March 29, 2011 published in the Daily Record on April 6, 2011. CCID # 291  Motion by Gray that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Gernandt ROLL CALL: Yeas: Festersen, Gray, Jerram, Mulligan, Stothert, Thompson, Mr. President ORDINANCE # 38975 PASSED 7-0

((MOTION NEEDED THAT THE ORDINANCES ON THE CONSENT AGENDA BE PASSED))

* * * * * * * * * * * * * *

(The public hearings on Agenda Item Nos. 19 through 37 are today. If you wish to address the City Council regarding these items, please come to the microphone, indicate the Agenda Item Number you wish to address, identify yourself by your name, address, who you represent, and if you are a proponent or opponent)


CONSENT AGENDA  RESOLUTIONS


# 2011-04-12

Item 44

Res. that, the attached Christian Worship Center New Visions Omaha (VA) **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan proposes to own one building located at 1417 North 18th Street, containing 26 one-bedroom apartments reserved for homeless US Veterans; and recommends the City's participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) in an amount up to **$125,000.00** to offset the costs of environmental testing/surveys, soils testing, architectural/engineering fees and public infrastructure and improvements  utilities to the site, sidewalks, and landscaping as prepared by the Omaha City Planning Department, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  see attached. Notice of public hearing on May 3, 2011 published in the Daily Record and the Omaha World Herald on April 14, 2011 and April 21, 2011. CCID # 430  Over three weeks to May 3, 2011 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII F.

Item 45

Res. that the attached Omaha Housing for the Homeless, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan proposes to own one building located at 1425 North 18th Street, containing 14 one-bedroom apartments reserved for homeless U.S. Veterans, community room and offices for support service providers to meet with the residents in a professional/private setting; and recommends the City's participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** in an amount up to **$125,000.00** to offset the costs of demolition and excavation, environmental testing/surveys, soils testing, and architectural/engineering fees, as prepared by the Omaha City Planning Department, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  see attached. Notice of public hearing on May 3, 2011 published in the Daily Record and the Omaha World Herald on April 14, 2011 and April 21, 2011. CCID # 431  Over three weeks to May 3, 2011 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII F. * * * * * * * * * * * * *

"PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII C THE PUBLIC HEARINGS ON AGENDA ITEM NOS. 46 THROUGH 51 SHALL BE HELD ON THE SECOND READING"

ORDINANCES ON FIRST READING


# 2011-05-03

Item 58

Res. that, the attached Christian Worship Center New Visions Omaha (VA) **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan proposes to own one building located at 1417 North 18th Street, containing 26 one-bedroom apartments reserved for homeless US Veterans; and recommends the City's participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) in an amount up to **$125,000.00** to offset the costs of environmental testing/surveys, soils testing, architectural/engineering fees and public infrastructure and improvements  utilities to the site, sidewalks, and landscaping as prepared by the Omaha City Planning Department, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  over from 4/12/11 for publication and public hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 430  April 12 Meeting) THE FOLLOWING PERSONS APPEARED AND SPOKE: Proponent: Phyllis Peterson, Central States Development, 740 South 74th Street For the City: Bridget Hadley, Planning Department Motion by Gray that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Stothert ROLL CALL: Yeas: Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Gray, Jerram, Mulligan, Mr. President Res # 430  ADOPTED 7-0


Item 59

Res. that the attached Omaha Housing for the Homeless, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan proposes to own one building located at 1425 North 18th Street, containing 14 one-bedroom apartments reserved for homeless U.S. Veterans, community room and offices for support service providers to meet with the residents in a professional/private setting; and recommends the City's participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** in an amount up to **$125,000.00** to offset the costs of demolition and excavation, environmental testing/surveys, soils testing, and architectural/engineering fees, as prepared by the Omaha City Planning Department, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  over from 4/12/11 for publication and public hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 431  April 12 Meeting) THE FOLLOWING PERSONS APPEARED AND SPOKE: Proponent: Phyllis Peterson, Central States Development, 740 South 74th Street For the City: Bridget Hadley, Planning Department Motion by Gray that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Festersen ROLL CALL: Yeas: Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Gray, Jerram, Mulligan, Mr. President Res # 431  ADOPTED 7-0

Item 62

Res. that the attached Lanning-Lund, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Project Plan proposes a redevelopment project at the Rorick Apartments building located at 604 South 22nd Street resulting in the rehabilitation of over 200 market-rate residential units, the electrical and mechanical systems, adjacent garage structure, and elevator system; the apartments will be a mixture of studios and, one and two-bedroom units; the plan recommends the City's participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** in an amount up to **$1,000,000.00** to offset the costs of rehabilitating the elevator system and garage structure, and any public improvements as may be required; the plan contemplates total project cost estimates to be **$5,900,000.00** prepared by the Omaha City Planning Department, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  see attached. Notice of public hearing on May 24, 2011 published in the the Daily Record and the Omaha World Herald on May 5, 2011 and May 12, 2011. CCID # 529  Over three weeks to May 24, 2011 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII F.


Item 63

Res. the attached Salem Village II Partnership **Tax Increment Financing** Project Plan proposing Phase II of the Salem Village Senior Housing Project at the Miami Heights Senior Development located at 3520 Lake Street and contemplates a new 3-story, mid-rise, residential housing building with underground parking comprised of 27 two-bedroom affordable, senior living units recommends the City's participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) in an amount up to **$180,000.00** to offset the costs of site development, architectural and engineering costs, and any public improvements as may be required; and, total project cost estimates are **$5,416,993.00** with **TIF** eligible costs of **$286,932.00,** prepared by the Omaha City Planning Department, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  see attached. Notice of public hearing on May 24, 2011 published in the the Daily Record and the Omaha World Herald on May 5, 2011 and May 12, 2011. CCID # 530  Over three weeks to May 24, 2011 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII F. * * * * * * * * * * * * * "PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII D THE PUBLIC HEARINGS ON AGENDA ITEM NOS. 64 THROUGH 67 SHALL BE HELD ON THE THIRD READING"

ZONING ORDINANCES ON FIRST READING and Planning Board Attachments 64. Ord. to rezone property located Southwest of 42nd and "T" Streets from HI-Heavy Industrial District to R4-Single-Family Residential District (High Density). CCID # 540  Publication to be made and public hearing and third reading to be held on May 17, 2011 as per City Charter requirements. (a) Planning Board and Planning Department recommend approval of a request to rezone property located Southwest of 42 nd and "T" Streets from HI to R4  see attached. # 540  Over to 05/17/11 Ord. to rezone property located Southwest of 69th and "T" Streets from DR Development Reserve District to GI-General Industrial District (portions of which property lie within the flood fringe). CCID # 501  Publication to be made and public hearing and third reading to be held on May 17, 2011 as per City Charter requirements.

Item 68

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and Farm Credit Building, LLC, a Nebraska Limited Liability Company to implement the Farm Credit Building, LLC, **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan which provides for the rehabilitation/retrofit and conversion of the Farm Credit Building located at 206 South 19th Street into a mixed-use commercial and residential redevelopment project which includes rehabilitating/converting the office floors into 106 marketrate apartment units, renovating the commercial space, and enlarging the 11 th floor to house common tenant amenities; the plan also contemplates renovating the Douglas Street Parking Garage located at 2021 Douglas Street; the ordinance authorizes the use of **$1,750,000.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. CCID # 535  Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on May 10, 2011 as per City Charter requirements.

Item 69

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement with the City of Omaha and the Midtown Properties, LLC, a Nebraska Limited Liability Company to implement the Midtown Properties, LLC, **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan located at 140 North 41 st Street, that converts an under-utilized surface parking lot in the Joslyn Castle Neighborhood area into a new rental, market-rate, and residential townhome construction project; the project will be comprised of two, new two-story buildings containing three townhome units per building; to authorize the use of **$98,211.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. CCID # 536  Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on May 10, 2011 as per City Charter requirements.



# 2011-05-10

Item 49
ORDINANCES ON SECOND READING 49. Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and Farm Credit Building, LLC, a Nebraska Limited Liability Company to implement the Farm Credit Building, LLC, **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan which provides for the rehabilitation/retrofit and conversion of the Farm Credit Building located at 206 South 19th Street into a mixed-use commercial and residential redevelopment project which includes rehabilitating/converting the office floors into 106 marketrate apartment units, renovating the commercial space, and enlarging the 11 th floor to house common tenant amenities; the plan also contemplates renovating the Douglas Street Parking Garage located at 2021 Douglas Street; the ordinance authorizes the use of **$1,750,000.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 535  May 3 Meeting) CCID # 535  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for May 17, 2011 as per City Charter requirements.

Item 50

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement with the City of Omaha and the Midtown Properties, LLC, a Nebraska Limited Liability Company to implement the Midtown Properties, LLC, **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan located at 140 North 41st Street, that converts an under-utilized surface parking lot in the Joslyn Castle Neighborhood area into a new rental, market-rate, and residential townhome construction project; the project will be comprised of two, new two-story buildings containing three townhome units per building; to authorize the use of **$98,211.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 536  May 3 Meeting) CCID # 536  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for May 17, 2011 as per City Charter requirements.


# 2011-05-17

Item 31

Kristi Todorovich, Todorovich Management Company, appeared and spoke. CCID # 606  Application read Motion by Jerram that the application be amended to music ending at 12:00 midnight Seconded by Gray ROLL CALL: Yeas: Festersen, Gray, Jerram, Mulligan, Stothert, Festersen, Mr. President Motion Carried 7-0 Motion by Jerram that the request be APPROVED AS AMENDED Seconded by Gray ROLL CALL: Yeas: Festersen, Gray, Jerram, Mulligan, Stothert, Thompson, Mr. President Motion Carried 7-0 (a) Todorovich Management Company, dba "Starsky's", 4020 South 13th Street, requests permission for a Special Designated License for a beer garden and live music on June 24-29, 2011 from 8:00 p.m. to 1:00 a.m. with music until 1:00 a.m.  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  MOTION NEEDED TO APPROVE OR NOT TO APPROVE)) CCID # 607  Application read Motion by Jerram that the application be amended to music ending at 12:00 midnight Seconded by Gray ROLL CALL: Yeas: Festersen, Gray, Jerram, Mulligan, Stothert, Festersen, Mr. President Motion Carried 7-0 Motion by Jerram that the request be APPROVED AS AMENDED Seconded by Gray ROLL CALL: Yeas: Festersen, Gray, Jerram, Mulligan, Stothert, Thompson, Mr. President Motion Carried 7-0

CONSENT AGENDA (Any member of the City Council may cause any item placed on the Consent Agenda to be removed there from. Items removed from the Consent Agenda shall be taken up by the City Council immediately following the Consent Agenda in the order in which they were removed unless otherwise taken out of order as otherwise provided by the City Council Rules of Order.)


(The public hearings on Agenda Item Nos. 32 through 35 were held on May 10, 2011.) CONSENT AGENDA  ORDINANCES 32. Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and Farm Credit Building, LLC, a Nebraska Limited Liability Company to implement the Farm Credit Building, LLC, **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan which provides for the rehabilitation/retrofit and conversion of the Farm Credit Building located at 206 South 19th Street into a mixed-use commercial and residential redevelopment project which includes rehabilitating/converting the office floors into 106 marketrate apartment units, renovating the commercial space, and enlarging the 11 th floor to house common tenant amenities; the plan also contemplates renovating the Douglas Street Parking Garage located at 2021 Douglas Street; the ordinance authorizes the use of **$1,750,000.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. (See Doc. # 535  May 3 and May 10 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on May 10, 2011 published in the Daily Record on May 6, 2011. Ordinance passed on May 17, 2011 published in the Daily Record on May 25, 2011. CCID # 535  Motion by Gray that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Mulligan ROLL CALL: Yeas: Festersen, Gray, Jerram, Mulligan, Stothert, Thompson, Mr. President ORDINANCE # 39005 PASSED 7-0

Item 33

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement with the City of Omaha and the Midtown Properties, LLC, a Nebraska Limited Liability Company to implement the Midtown Properties, LLC, **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan located at 140 North 41 st Street, that converts an under-utilized surface parking lot in the Joslyn Castle Neighborhood area into a new rental, market-rate, and residential townhome construction project; the project will be comprised of two, new two-story buildings containing three townhome units per building; to authorize the use of **$98,211.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. (See Doc. # 536  May 3 and May 10 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on May 10, 2011 published in the Daily Record on May 6, 2011. Ordinance passed on May 17, 2011 published in the Daily Record on May 25, 2011.


CCID # 536  Motion by Gray that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Mulligan ROLL CALL: Yeas: Festersen, Gray, Jerram, Mulligan, Stothert, Thompson, Mr. President ORDINANCE # 39006 PASSED 7-0


# 2011-05-24

Item 43

Res. that the attached Lanning-Lund, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Project Plan proposes a redevelopment project at the Rorick Apartments building located at 604 South 22nd Street resulting in the rehabilitation of over 200 market-rate residential units, the electrical and mechanical systems, adjacent garage structure, and elevator system; the apartments will be a mixture of studios and, one and two-bedroom units; the plan recommends the City's participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** in an amount up to **$1,000,000.00** to offset the costs of rehabilitating the elevator system and garage structure, and any public improvements as may be required; the plan contemplates total project cost estimates to be **$5,900,000.00** prepared by the Omaha City Planning Department, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved over from 5/3/11 for publication and public hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 529  May 3 Meeting) THE FOLLOWING PERSONS APPEARED AND SPOKE: Proponent: Larry Lanning, Lanning-Lund, LLC, 604 South 22nd Street For the City: Bridget Hadley, Planning Department Motion by Gray that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Gernandt ROLL CALL: Yeas: Gray, Jerram, Mulligan, Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Mr. President Res # 529  ADOPTED 7-0


Item 44

Res. the attached Salem Village II Partnership **Tax Increment Financing** Project Plan proposing Phase II of the Salem Village Senior Housing Project at the Miami Heights Senior Development located at 3520 Lake Street and contemplates a new 3-story, mid-rise, residential housing building with underground parking comprised of 27 two-bedroom affordable, senior living units recommends the City's participation through the allocation of Tax Increm ent Financing (**TIF**) in an amount up to **$180,000.00** to offset the costs of site development, architectural and engineering costs, and any public improvements as may be required; and, total project cost estimates are **$5,416,993.00** with **TIF** eligible costs of **$286,932.00,** prepared by the Omaha City Planning Department, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  over from 5/3/11 for publication and public hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 530  May 3 Meeting) THE FOLLOWING PERSONS APPEARED AND SPOKE: Proponent: Ken Lyons, representing the developer For the City: Bridget Hadley, Planning Department Motion by Festersen that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Gray ROLL CALL: Yeas: Gray, Jerram, Mulligan, Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Mr. President Res # 530  ADOPTED "PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII F AGENDA ITEM NO. 45 SHALL BE LAID OVER THREE WEEKS FOR PUBLICATION AND PUBLIC HEARING"

Item 45

Res. that the attached BMaKK Corporation **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan which proposes to convert an approximately 21acre, under-utilized industrial site located at 1440 Read Street and 6924 North 14th Avenue into the global corporate headquarters of the BMaKK Corporation, and will comprise the back office support of existing and future affiliated BMaKK businesses, new glass recycling and concrete manufacturing facilities, a new dredging equipment manufacturing facility, as well as future facilities for the manufacturing of the Super Sol equipment, materials handling and the regional materials transfer center; and recommends the City's participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** in an amount up to **$2,838,693.00** to offset the costs of acquisition, demolition, site preparation, corporate office expansion, environmental remediation and any public improvements as may be required; as prepared by the Omaha City Planning Department, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  see attached.

Notice of public hearing on June 14, 2011 published in the Daily Record and the Omaha World Herald on May 26, 2011 and June 2, 2011 CCID # 632  Over three weeks to June 14, 2011 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII F.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * "PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII H DUE TO NO MEETING BEING HELD MAY 31, 2011 THE THIRD READING AND PUBLIC HEARING ON AGENDA ITEM NOS. 46 THROUGH 48 SHALL BE HELD ON JUNE 14, 2011"

ZONING ORDINANCES ON FIRST READING and Planning Board Attachments 46. Ord. to amend the boundaries of the MCC-Major Commercial Corridor Overlay District, to incorporate into that district the property located Southeast of 60th Street and Northwest Radial Highway; and to provide for an effective date  see attached. CCID # 633  Publication to be made and public hearing and third reading to be held on June 14, 2011 pursuant to City Council Rule VII H. (a) Planning Board and Planning Department recommend approval of an MCC-Major Commercial Corridor Overlay District, located Southeast of 60th Street and Northwest Radial Highway  see attached. # 633  Over to 06/14/11


# 2011-06-14

Item 36
RESOLUTION 36. Res. that the attached BMaKK Corporation **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan which proposes to convert an approximately 21acre, under-utilized industrial site located at 1440 Read Street and 6924 North 14th Avenue into the global corporate headquarters of the BMaKK Corporation, and will comprise the back office support of existing and future affiliated BMaKK businesses, new glass recycling and concrete manufacturing facilities, a new dredging equipment manufacturing facility, as well as future facilities for the manufacturing of the Super Sol equipment, materials handling and the regional materials transfer center; and recommends the City's participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** in an amount up to **$2,838,693.00** to offset the costs of acquisition, demolition, site preparation, corporate office expansion, environmental remediation and any public improvements as may be required; as prepared by the Omaha City Planning Department, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  over from 5/24/11 for publication and public hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (see Doc. # 632  May 24 Meeting) THE FOLLOWING PERSONS APPEARED AND SPOKE: Proponents: Dr. Archiglri Archigbu, President, BMaKK Corporation Jim Riskowski, Signa Development, 10404 Essex Court, Suite #300 For the City: Bridget Hadley, Planning Department Motion by Gray that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Gernandt ROLL CALL: Yeas: Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Gernandt, Gray, Jerram, Mr. President Res # 632  ADOPTED 7-0 "PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII D THE PUBLIC HEARINGS ON AGENDA ITEM NOS. 37 THROUGH 41 SHALL BE HELD ON THE THIRD READING"


# 2011-06-21

Item 56
RESOLUTION 56. Res. that the attached Livestock Commons, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Project Plan contemplates the construction of two new four-story mixed-used buildings located at 4910 South 30th Street; each building will be a combination of clinics operated by OneWorld Community Health Centers, Inc. and 32 affordable senior housing units operated by Livestock Commons, LLC; the housing units will be a mixture of one- and two-bedroom units; and the plan recommends the City's participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) in an amount up to **$350,000.00** to offset the costs of site development, architectural and engineering costs, curbs, sidewalks and landscaping, and any additional public improvements as may be required; and, total projects costs estimates related to the **TIF** portion of this project are **$5,235,001.00** with **TIF** eligible costs of **$979,679.00,** and is prepared by the Omaha City Planning Department, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  see attached. Notice of public hearing on July 12, 2011 published in the Daily Record on June 24, 2011. CCID # 771  Over three weeks to July 12, 2011 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII F. (a) Communication from Andrea Skolkin, CEO, One World Community Health Centers, Inc., re: Livestock Commons, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Project Plan  see attached. # 771  Over to 07/12/11

* * * * * * * * * * * * *

APPEAL RE: PARKING AND LOADING DOCK LEASE 57. Notice of Appeal submitted by Benjamin M. Belmont, Attorney for Mid City Jewelry & Loan, re: termination of parking and loading docks and City right-ofway adjacent to Mid City Jewelry and Loan, 515 South 15 th Street  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  MOTION NEEDED TO ALLOW OR DENY THE APPEAL AND, IF ALLOWED, DIRECT THE DEPARTMENT ACCORDINGLY))


THE FOLLOWING PERSONS APPEARED AND SPOKE: Proponents: Ben Belmont, 10855 West Dodge Road Mike Boyle, 1106 Howard Street For the City: Todd Pfitzer, Public Works Department Captain Adam Kyle, Police Department Pam Spaccarotella, Finance Director CCID # 780  Motion by Thompson that the appeal be denied with the direction that the Public Works Department allow two stalls for loading Seconded by Jerram ROLL CALL: Yeas: Thompson, Festersen, Gernandt, Gray, Jerram, Stothert, Mr. President Motion Carried 7-0 (a) Communication from Todd Pfitzer, City Engineer, re: the appeal of the lease termination by Mid City Jewelry and Loan  see attached. # 780  From Chair on File (b) Communication from Benjamin M. Belmont, Attorney representing Mid City Jewelry and Loan, Inc., re: appeal of lease termination  see attached. # 780  From Chair on File

REQUEST RE: FORMAL RENEWAL PROPOSAL FOR A CABLE FRANCHISE 58. Res. that the deadline for Cox Communications Omaha, LLC, to submit responses to the Request for Formal Renewal Proposal for a Cable Franchise is extended from June 20, 2011, to August 19, 2011. No other rights, obligations, or authority held by the City of Omaha or Cox Communications Omaha, LLC, pursuant to law, Resolution no. 588, or law are altered by this Resolution  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) Motion by Gray that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Stothert ROLL CALL: Yeas: Thompson, Festersen, Gernandt, Gray, Jerram, Stothert, Mr. President Res # 781  ADOPTED 7-0 (a) Document submitted by Kermit A. Brashear, Attorney representing Cox Communications Omaha, LLC, re: 2011 Omaha Franchise Renewal  see attached. # 781  From Chair on File


ORDINANCES ON SECOND READING


# 2011-07-12

Item 38

Res. the attached Livestock Commons, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Project Plan contemplates the construction of two new four-story mixed-used buildings located at 4910 South 30th Street; each building will be a combination of clinics operated by OneWorld Community Health Centers, Inc. and 32 affordable senior housing units; the housing units will be a mixture of one- and two-bedroom units; and the plan recommends the City's participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) in an amount up to **$350,000.00** to offset the costs of site development, architectural and engineering costs, curbs, sidewalks and landscaping, and any additional public improvements as may be required; and, total projects costs estimates related to the **TIF** portion of this project are **$5,235,001.00** with **TIF** eligible costs of **$979,679.00,** and is prepared by the Omaha City Planning Department, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  over from 6/21/11 for publication and public hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 771  June 21 Meeting) CCID # 771  Motion by Stothert that the Resolution be laid over two weeks to July 26, 2011 and continue the public hearing Seconded by Gernandt ROLL CALL: Yeas: Gernandt, Gray, Jerram, Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Mr. President Motion Carried 7-0 (a) Communication from Andrea Skolkin, CEO, One World Community Health Centers, Inc., re: Livestock Commons, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Project Plan  over from 6/21/11  see attached. (See Doc. # 771  June 21 Meeting) # 771  Over to 07/26/11 (b) Communication from Joel Dougherty, Chief Operating Officer, One World Health Centers, requesting that the resolution to approve the Livestock Commons, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Project Plan be laid over two weeks to July 26, 2011 and continue the public hearing  see attached. # 771- From Chair on File


"PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII H DUE TO NO MEETING BEING HELD AUGUST 2, 2011 AGENDA ITEM NO. 39 SHALL BE LAID OVER FOUR WEEKS TO AUGUST 9, 2011 FOR PUBLICATION AND PUBLIC HEARING"

Item 39

Res. that the attached 3703 Davenport, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Project Plan proposes a redevelopment project at the Austin Apartment Building located at 3703 Davenport Street resulting in phasing in the rehabilitation of the five apartment structures by overhauling the electrical and mechanical systems in the buildings and by rehabilitating each apartment unit  all units will be onebedroom units; the plan also contemplates constructing six basement apartment units to meet ADA requirement; the plan recommends the City's participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) in an amount up to **$400,000.00** to offset the costs of overhauling the electrical and mechanical systems in the building, rehabilitating the units, paving of new sidewalks, and repair of the adjacent alley; the plan contemplates total project cost estimates to be **$4,973,387.00** with approximately **$3,579,086.00** in **TIF** eligible costs; and, is prepared by the Omaha City Planning Department, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  see attached. Notice of public hearing on August 9, 2011 published in the Daily Record and the Omaha World Herald on July 14, 2011 and July 21, 2011. CCID # 830  Over four weeks to August 9, 2011 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII H.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * "PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII D THE PUBLIC HEARING ON AGENDA ITEM NO. 40 SHALL BE HELD ON THE THIRD READING"


# 2011-07-19

Item 51

Ord. approving an Amended and Restated Redevelopment Agreement and Assignment between the City of Omaha, Dial Kinseth Development, Inc., a Nebraska Corporation, and BRE/AmeriSuites Properties, L.L.C. to implement the Old Market Hotel Associates, LLC. **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan which provides for the redevelopment of the project site located at 1212 Jackson Street; the site will be developed into a 155-room Hyatt Place project within the Omaha Rail and Commerce Historic District through the rehabilitation and conversion of a 66-foot by 132-foot parking lot; this ordinance authorizes the use of up to **$3,100,000.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project and public improvements; and providing for an effective date  see attached. CCID # 889  Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on July 26, 2011 as per City Charter requirements



# 2011-07-26

Item 43

Res. the attached Livestock Commons, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Project Plan contemplates the construction of two new four-story mixed-used buildings located at 4910 South 30th Street; each building will be a combination of clinics operated by OneWorld Community Health Centers, Inc. and 32 affordable senior housing units; the housing units will be a mixture of one- and two-bedroom units; and the plan recommends the City's participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) in an amount up to **$350,000.00** to offset the costs of site development, architectural and engineering costs, curbs, sidewalks and landscaping, and any additional public improvements as may be required; and, total projects costs estimates related to the **TIF** portion of this project are **$5,235,001.00** with **TIF** eligible costs of **$979,679.00,** and is prepared by the Omaha City Planning Department, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  over from 7/12/11 and continue the public hearing  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING CONTINUED TO TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 771  June 21 and July 12 Meetings) THE FOLLOWING PERSONS APPEARED AND SPOKE: Proponents: Andrea Skolkin, CEO, One World Community Health Center, 4920 South 30th Street David Levy, Baird Holm Law Firm Protestants: Susan Bednarz, 4507 South 34th Street Tonya Ward, 4826 South 19th Street Mary Ann Krzemier, 1902 "O" Street For the City: Bridget Hadley, Planning Department Motion by Gernandt that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Gray ROLL CALL: Yeas: Jerram, Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Gernandt, Gray, Mr. President Res # 771  ADOPTED 7-0 (a) Communication from Andrea Skolkin, CEO, One World Community Health Centers, Inc., re: Livestock Commons, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Project Plan  over from 7/12/11  see attached. (See Doc. # 771  June 21 and July 12 Meetings) # 771  From Chair on File

Item 45

Ord. approving an Amended and Restated Redevelopment Agreement and Assignment between the City of Omaha, Dial Kinseth Development, Inc., a Nebraska Corporation, and BRE/AmeriSuites Properties, L.L.C. to implement the Old Market Hotel Associates, LLC. **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan which provides for the redevelopment of the project site located at 1212 Jackson Street; the site will be developed into a 155-room Hyatt Place project through the rehabilitation and conversion of a 66-foot by 132-foot parking lot; this ordinance authorizes the use of up to **$3,100,000.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project and public improvements; and providing for an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 889  July 19 Meeting) THE FOLLOWING PERSONS APPEARED AND SPOKE: Proponent: Kevin Schramm, Vice President of Development, Hyatt Hotels, 2522 West Hutchinson, Chicago, IL For the City: Ken Johnson, Planning Department CCID # 889  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for August 9, 2011 pursuant to City Council Rule VII H.

Item 56

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement with the City of Omaha and Salem Village II Limited Partnership, a Nebraska Limited Partnership to implement the Salem Village II Limited Partnership **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan which proposes a new 3story, midrise, residential housing building with underground parking located at 3520 Lake Street; the new building will be comprised of 27 two-bedroom affordable, senior living units; the ordinance authorizes the use of **$180,000.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. CCID # 901  Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on August 9, 2011 pursuant to City Council Rule VII H.

* * * * * * * * * * * * *

COUNCILMEMBER GRAY LEAVES THE LEGISLATIVE CHAMBERS


EXECUTIVE SESSION


# 2011-08-09

Item 21
CONSENT AGENDA  ORDINANCES 21. Ord. approving an Amended and Restated Redevelopment Agreement and Assignment between the City of Omaha, Dial Kinseth Development, Inc., a Nebraska Corporation, and BRE/AmeriSuites Properties, L.L.C. to implement the Old Market Hotel Associates, LLC. **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan which provides for the redevelopment of the project site located at 1212 Jackson Street; the site will be developed into a 155-room Hyatt Place project through the rehabilitation and conversion of a 66-foot by 132-foot parking lot; this ordinance authorizes the use of up to **$3,100,000.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project and public improvements; and providing for an effective date  see attached. (See Doc. # 889  July 19 and July 26 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on July 26, 2011 published in the Daily Record on July 22, 2011. Ordinance passed on August 9, 2011 published in the Daily Record on August 17, 2011. CCID # 889  Motion by Gernandt that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Gray ROLL CALL: Yeas: Thompson, Festersen, Gernandt, Gray, Jerram, Stothert, Mr. President ORDINANCE # 39079 PASSED 7-0

Item 43

Res. that the attached 3703 Davenport, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Project Plan proposes a redevelopment project at the Austin Apartment Building located at 3703 Davenport Street resulting in phasing in the rehabilitation of the five apartment structures by overhauling the electrical and mechanical systems in the buildings and by rehabilitating each apartment unit  all units will be onebedroom units; the plan also contemplates constructing six basement apartment units to meet ADA requirement; the plan recommends the City's participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) in an amount up to **$400,000.00** to offset the costs of overhauling the electrical and mechanical systems in the building, rehabilitating the units, paving of new sidewalks, and repair of the adjacent alley; the plan contemplates total project cost estimates to be **$4,973,387.00** with approximately **$3,579,086.00** in **TIF** eligible costs; and, is prepared by the Omaha City Planning Department, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  over from 7/12/11 for publication and public hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 830  July 12 Meeting) THE FOLLOWING PERSONS APPEARED AND SPOKE: Proponent: Mike Peter, America First Real Estate Group, 1004 Farnam Street For the City: Bridget Hadley, Planning Department Motion by Stothert that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Thompson ROLL CALL: Yeas: Thompson, Festersen, Gernandt, Jerram, Stothert Mr. President Absent: Gray Res # 830  ADOPTED 6-0

COUNCILMEMBER GRAY RE-ENTERS THE LEGISLATIVE CHAMBERS

Item 46

Res. that the attached Dundee Ridge Medical **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan proposes converting an under-utilized, vacant lot located at 4825 Dodge Street into a new, one-story, medical office building for the new and expanded offices of the Children's Physicians/Children's Hospital Medical Center; the plan recommends the City's participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) in an amount up to **$250,000.00** to offset the costs of site work, architectural and engineering, surveying and any public improvements as may be required, total project cost is estimated at **$2,435,114.00,** with approximately **$289,807.00** in **TIF** eligible costs; and is prepared by the Omaha City Planning Department, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  see attached.

Notice of public hearing on August 30, 2011 published in the Daily Record and the Omaha World Herald on August 11, 2011 and August 18, 2011. CCID # 947  Over three weeks to August 30, 2011 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII F.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * "PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII D THE PUBLIC HEARINGS ON AGENDA ITEM NOS. 47 THROUGH 53 SHALL BE HELD ON THE THIRD READING"

ZONING ORDINANCES ON SECOND READING

Item 57

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement with the City of Omaha and Salem Village II Limited Partnership, a Nebraska Limited Partnership to implement the Salem Village II Limited Partnership **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan which proposes a new 3story, midrise, residential housing building with underground parking located at 3520 Lake Street; the new building will be comprised of 27 two-bedroom affordable, senior living units; the ordinance authorizes the use of **$180,000.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See doc. # 901  July 26 Meeting) Rick Cunningham, Planning Director, appeared and spoke. CCID # 901  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for August 16, 2011 as per City Charter requirements.

Item 63

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and Lanning-Lund, LLC, a Nebraska Limited Liability Company to implement the Lanning-Lund, LLC, **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan; the agreement proposes the conversion of existing condo units at 206 South 19th Street into market-rate apartments, and the rehabilitation of the electrical and mechanical systems, the adjacent garage structure, and the elevator system; the agreement authorizes the use of **$1,000,000.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. CCID # 953  Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on August 16, 2011 as per City Charter requirements.

Item 64

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and Christian Worship Center New Visions Omaha (VA), a Nebraska Limited Liability Company to implement the Christian Worship Center New Visions Omaha (VA), **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan, which contemplates Christian Worship Center constructing and owning one building containing 26, one-bedroom apartments reserved for homeless U.S. Veterans located at 1417 North 18th Street; the agreement authorizes the use of **$125,000.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to offset the costs of environmental testing/surveys, soils testing, architectural/engineering fees, and any public improvements as may be required; and providing for an effective date  see attached. CCID # 952  Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on August 16, 2011 as per City Charter requirements.

Item 65

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and Omaha Housing for the Homeless, LLC, a Nebraska Limited Liability Company to implement the Omaha Housing for the Homeless, LLC, **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan, which contemplates Omaha Housing for the Homeless, LLC constructing and owning one building containing 14 one-bedroom apartments located at 1425 North 18th Street providing long-term shelter (18-24 months), a community room and offices for support service providers to meet with the residents in a professional/private setting; the agreement authorizes the use of **$125,000.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to offset the costs of demolition and excavation, environmental testing/surveys, soils testing, and architectural/engineering fees, and any public improvements as may be required; and providing for an effective date  see attached. CCID # 954  Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on August 16, 2011 as per City Charter requirements.


# 2011-08-16

Item 21

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement with the City of Omaha and Salem Village II Limited Partnership, a Nebraska Limited Partnership to implement the Salem Village II Limited Partnership **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan which proposes a new 3story, midrise, residential housing building with underground parking located at 3520 Lake Street; the new building will be comprised of 27 two-bedroom affordable, senior living units; the ordinance authorizes the use of **$180,000.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. (See Doc. # 901  July 26 and August 9 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on August 9, 2011 published in the Daily Record on July 29, 2011. Ordinance passed on August 16, 2011 published in the Daily Record on August 24, 2011. CCID # 901  Motion by Gernandt that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Gray ROLL CALL: Yeas: Festersen, Gernandt, Gray, Jerram, Stothert, Thompson, Mr. President ORDINANCE # 39089 PASSED 7-0

((MOTION NEEDED THAT THE ORDINANCES ON THE CONSENT AGENDA BE PASSED)) * * * * * * * * * * * * * * (The public hearings on Agenda Item Nos. 22 through 37 are today. If you wish to address the City Council regarding these items, please come to the microphone, indicate the Agenda Item Number you wish to address, identify yourself by your name, address, who you represent, and if you are a proponent or opponent.) CONSENT AGENDA  RESOLUTIONS

Item 45

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and Lanning-Lund, LLC, a Nebraska Limited Liability Company to implement the Lanning-Lund, LLC, **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan; the agreement proposes the conversion of existing condo units at 206 South 19th Street into market-rate apartments, and the rehabilitation of the electrical and mechanical systems, the adjacent garage structure, and the elevator system; the agreement authorizes the use of **$1,000,000.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 953  August 9 Meeting) Bridget Hadley, Planning Department appeared and spoke. CCID # 953  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for August 23, 2011 as per City Charter requirements.


Item 46

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and Christian Worship Center New Visions Omaha (VA), a Nebraska Limited Liability Company to implement the Christian Worship Center New Visions Omaha (VA), **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan, which contemplates Christian Worship Center constructing and owning one building containing 26, one-bedroom apartments reserved for homeless U.S. Veterans located at 1417 North 18th Street; the agreement authorizes the use of **$125,000.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to offset the costs of environmental testing/surveys, soils testing, architectural/engineering fees, and any public improvements as may be required; and providing for an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 952  August 9 Meeting) THE FOLLOWING PERSONS APPEARED AND SPOKE: Proponents: Phyllis Peterson, 740 South 75th Street, Development For the City: Bridget Hadley, Planning Department

Central

States

CCID # 952  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for August 23, 2011 as per City Charter requirements.

Item 47

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and Omaha Housing for the Homeless, LLC, a Nebraska Limited Liability Company to implement the Omaha Housing for the Homeless, LLC, **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan, which contemplates Omaha Housing for the Homeless, LLC constructing and owning one building containing 14 one-bedroom apartments located at 1425 North 18th Street providing long-term shelter (18-24 months), a community room and offices for support service providers to meet with the residents in a professional/private setting; the agreement authorizes the use of **$125,000.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to offset the costs of demolition and excavation, environmental testing/surveys, soils testing, and architectural/engineering fees, and any public improvements as may be required; and providing for an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 954  August 9 Meeting) THE FOLLOWING PERSONS APPEARED AND SPOKE: Proponents: Phyllis Peterson, 740 South 75th Street, Development For the City: Bridget Hadley, Planning Department

Central

States

CCID # 954  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for August 23, 2011 as per City Charter requirements.



# 2011-08-23

Item 22

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and Lanning-Lund, LLC, a Nebraska Limited Liability Company to implement the Lanning-Lund, LLC, **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan; the agreement proposes the conversion of existing condo units at 206 South 19th Street into market-rate apartments, and the rehabilitation of the electrical and mechanical systems, the adjacent garage structure, and the elevator system; the agreement authorizes the use of **$1,000,000.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. (See Doc. # 953  August 9 and August 16 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on August 16, 2011 published in the Daily Record on August 12, 2011. Ordinance passed on August 23, 2011 published in the Daily Record on August 31, 2011. CCID # 953  Motion by Gernandt that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Festersen ROLL CALL: Yeas: Gernandt, Gray, Jerram, Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Mr. President ORDINANCE # 39097 PASSED 7-0


Item 23

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and Christian Worship Center New Visions Omaha (VA), a Nebraska Limited Liability Company to implement the Christian Worship Center New Visions Omaha (VA), **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan, which contemplates Christian Worship Center constructing and owning one building containing 26, one-bedroom apartments reserved for homeless U.S. Veterans located at 1417 North 18th Street; the agreement authorizes the use of **$125,000.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to offset the costs of environmental testing/surveys, soils testing, architectural/engineering fees, and any public improvements as may be required; and providing for an effective date  see attached. (See Doc. # 952  August 9 and August 16 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on August 16, 2011 published in the Daily Record on August 12, 2011. Ordinance passed on August 23, 2011 published in the Daily Record on August 31, 2011. CCID # 952  Motion by Gernandt that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Festersen ROLL CALL: Yeas: Gernandt, Gray, Jerram, Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Mr. President ORDINANCE # 39098 PASSED 7-0

Item 24

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and Omaha Housing for the Homeless, LLC, a Nebraska Limited Liability Company to implement the Omaha Housing for the Homeless, LLC, **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan, which contemplates Omaha Housing for the Homeless, LLC constructing and owning one building containing 14 one-bedroom apartments located at 1425 North 18th Street providing long-term shelter (18-24 months), a community room and offices for support service providers to meet with the residents in a professional/private setting; the agreement authorizes the use of **$125,000.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to offset the costs of demolition and excavation, environmental testing/surveys, soils testing, and architectural/engineering fees, and any public improvements as may be required; and providing for an effective date  see attached. (See Doc. # 968  August 9 and August 16 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on August 16, 2011 published in the Daily Record on August 12, 2011. Ordinance passed on August 23, 2011 published in the Daily Record on August 31, 2011. CCID # 954  Motion by Gernandt that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Festersen ROLL CALL: Yeas: Gernandt, Gray, Jerram, Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Mr. President ORDINANCE # 39099 PASSED 7-0


# 2011-08-30

Item 26

Res. that the attached Dundee Ridge Medical **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan proposes converting an under-utilized, vacant lot located at 4825 Dodge Street into a new, one-story, medical office building for the new and expanded offices of the Children's Physicians/Children's Hospital Medical Center; the plan recommends the City's participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) in an amount up to **$250,000.00** to offset the costs of site work, architectural and engineering, surveying and any public improvements as may be required, total project cost is estimated at **$2,435,114.00,** with approximately **$289,807.00** in **TIF** eligible costs; and is prepared by the Omaha City Planning Department, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  over from 8/9/11 for publication and public hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 947  August 9 Meeting) Bridget Hadley, Planning Department, appeared and spoke. Motion by Jerram that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Festersen ROLL CALL: Yeas: Jerram, Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Mr. President Absent: Gernandt, Gray Res # 947  ADOPTED 5-0


"PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII H DUE TO NO MEETING BEING HELD SEPTEMBER 6, 2011 THE THIRD READING ON AGENDA ITEM NOS. 27 THROUGH 32 SHALL BE HELD ON SEPTEMBER 13, 2011" ((THE PUBLIC HEARINGS ON THESE ITEMS ARE TODAY))

ORDINANCE ON SECOND READING and Planning Board Attachment Ord. vacating the east 25 feet of 50th Avenue from "O" Street south 144.06+ feet to the back property line of 5015 "O" Street , in the City of Omaha and providing the effective date hereof  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1022  August 23 Meeting) CCID # 1022  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for September 13, 2011 pursuant to City Council Rule VII H. (a) Planning Board and Planning Department recommend approval of the vacation of the east 25 feet of 50th Avenue from "O" Street south 144.06 feet to the back property line of 5015 "O" Street  Inside City  see attached. (See Doc. # 1022  August 23 Meeting) # 1022  Over to 09/13/11


# 2011-09-13

Item 46

Res. that the attached Prospect Village Neighborhood Redevelopment Plan, prepared by the Omaha City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved as the Redevelopment Plan for the redevelopment area bounded by 30th Street on the east from Hamilton to Parker Streets and 33rd Street from Parker to Lake Streets, 36th Street on the west, Hamilton Street on the south, and Parker Street on the North from 30th to 33rd Streets and Lake Street from 33rd to 36th Streets. Financing for the planned housing development uses several state and local sources including Nebraska Affordable Housing Trust Funds and HOME Investment Partnerships Program (HOME programs sources of private financing include owner equity, housing tax credit, donations and conventional mortgage financing)  over from 8/23/11 for publication and public hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1021  August 23 Meeting) THE FOLLOWING PERSONS APPEARED AND SPOKE: Protestant: Lee Ehlers, 5202 Cass Street For the City: Jim Anderson, Planning Department Rick Cunningham, Planning Director Motion by Gray that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Festersen ROLL CALL: Yeas: Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Gray, Jerram, Mr. President Absent: Mulligan Res # 1021  ADOPTED 6-0

"PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII F AGENDA ITEM NOS. 47 THROUGH 48 SHALL BE LAID OVER THREE WEEKS FOR PUBLICATION AND PUBLIC HEARING" 47. Res. that the attached Lofts at 14th, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan proposes the redevelopment of the former Safeway Cab Building site located at 802 South 14th Street into a new 4-story building consisting of 42 market-rate apartments, which entails a unit mix of studios, oneand two-bedroom units, in addition to ground level entry plaza, elevator lobby, 37 enclosed parking stalls, and an outdoor roof deck comprising a portion of the 2 nd floor accessible to the building residents which includes the City's participati on through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) in an amount up to **$450.000.00** to offset costs of acquisition, sitework, architectural and engineering, utility assessments and public improvements on- and off-site of this project with a total project cost estimates of **$5,860,621.00** with approximately **$1,078,671.00** in **TIF** eligible costs, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  see attached. Notice of public hearing on October 4, 2011 published in the Daily Record and the Omaha World Herald on September 15, 2011 and September 22, 2011. CCID # 1104  Over three weeks to October 4, 2011 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII F.

Item 48

Res. that the attached Park Avenue Redevelopment, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Project Plan which proposes a redevelopment project plan consisting of the property located at 2934 Leavenworth Street; 804, 806 and 846 Park Avenue; 628 Park Avenue; 710 and 712 Park Avenue; and, 709 and 713 South 30th Streets and results in the complete renovation of apartments and multi-family buildings to create 137 market-rate rental units, 94 off-street parking stalls, 126 stalls of on-street perimeter parking, substantial landscaping and streetscaping surrounding the redevelopment project site, and making portions of Mason and 30th Streets two way adjacent to the project site; and confirms the abandonment of the Selma Development, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan approved by the Planning Board on September 5, 2007, which includes one of the properties to be rehabilitated u nder this plan, with the City's participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** in an amount up to **$912,000.00** to offset costs of acquisition, demolition, sitework, architectural and engineering, project rehabilitation costs and public improvements on- and off-site is approved  see attached. Notice of public hearing on October 4, 2011 published in the Daily Record and the Omaha World Herald on September 15, 2011 and September 22, 2011.

CCID # 1105  Over three weeks to October 4, 2011 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII F.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * "PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII D THE PUBLIC HEARINGS ON AGENDA ITEM NOS. 49 THROUGH 53 SHALL BE HELD ON THE THIRD READING" ZONING ORDINANCES ON SECOND READING Ord. to rezone properties located southwest of 12th and Nicholas Streets from HIHeavy Industrial District to CBD-Central Business District. (See Doc. # 1058  August 30 Meeting) CCID # 1058  ORDINANCE ON SECOND READING  Final reading to be held on September 20, 2011 as per City Charter requirements.


# 2011-10-04

Item 27

Res. that the attached Lofts at 14th, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan proposes the redevelopment of the former Safeway Cab Building site located at 802 South 14th Street into a new 4-story building consisting of 42 market-rate apartments, which entails a unit mix of studios, oneand two-bedroom units, in addition to ground level entry plaza, elevator lobby, 37 enclosed parking stalls, and an outdoor roof deck comprising a portion of the 2 nd floor accessible to the building residents which includes the City's participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) in an amount up to **$450.000.00** to offset costs of acquisition, sitework, architectural and engineering, utility assessments and public improvements on- and off-site of this project with a total project cost estimates of **$5,860,621.00** with approximately **$1,078,671.00** in **TIF** eligible costs, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  over from 9/13/11 for publication and public hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1104  September 13 Meeting)

Bridget Hadley, Planning Department, appeared and spoke. Motion by Gray that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Festersen ROLL CALL: Yeas: Gernandt, Gray, Jerram, Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Mr. President Res # 1104  ADOPTED 7-0

Item 28

Res. that the attached Park Avenue Redevelopment, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Project Plan which proposes a redevelopment project plan consisting of the property located at 2934 Leavenworth Street; 804, 806 and 846 Park Avenue; 628 Park Avenue; 710 and 712 Park Avenue; and, 709 and 713 South 30th Streets and results in the complete renovation of apartments and multi-family buildings to create 137 market-rate rental units, 94 off-street parking stalls, 126 stalls of on-street perimeter parking, substantial landscaping and streetscaping surrounding the redevelopment project site, and making portions of Mason and 30th Streets two way adjacent to the project site; and confirms the abandonment of the Selma Development, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan approved by the Planning Board on September 5, 2007, which includes one of the properties to be rehabilitated under this plan, with the City's participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** in an amount up to **$912,000.00** to offset costs of acquisition, demolition, sitework, architectural and engineering, project rehabilitation costs and public improvements on- and off-site is approved  over from 9/13/11 for publication and public hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1105  September 13 Meeting) THE FOLLOWING PERSONS APPEARED AND SPOKE: Proponents: Jerry Reimer, Urban Village Scott Semrad For the City: Bridget Hadley, Planning Department Motion by Gray that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Stothert ROLL CALL: Yeas: Gernandt, Gray, Jerram, Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Mr. President Res # 1105  ADOPTED 7-0


"PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII F AGENDA ITEM NOS. 29 THROUGH 31 SHALL BE LAID OVER THREE WEEKS FOR PUBLICATION AND PUBLIC HEARING"

Item 29

Res. the attached CO2 Omaha LLC, **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan proposing a new four-story residential building located at 1502 South 10th Street (10th and Worthington Streets), consisting of five 1-bedroom, four 2-bedroom apartment units, community rooms, and a 16-stall underground parking garage; with the City's participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) in an amount up to **$695,000.00** to offset the costs of site work, acquisition, demolition, architectural and engineering services, surveying, public improvements; and a **$15,000.00** contribution to the 10 th Street Improvement Fund with total project costs of approximately **$7.45** million and **TIF** eligible costs of approximately **$920,646.00,** as prepared by the Omaha City Planning Department, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  see attached. CCID # 1190  Over three weeks to October 25, 2011 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII F.

Item 30

Res. the attached 1201 Howard LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan proposing a multi-story commercial building located at 1201 Howard Street consisting of street level commercial with 12 market rate apartments on the upper floors and with the City's participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) in an amount up to **$632,500.00** for the costs of site work, acquisition, demolition, architectural and engineering services, surveying, public improvements, and a **$10,000.00** contribution to the Old Market improvement fund, as prepared by the Omaha City Planning Department, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  see attached. CCID # 1191  Over three weeks to October 25, 2011 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII F.


Item 31

Res. the attached 5203 Leavenworth LLC, **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan for the redevelopment of the vacant and detonating historic Wohlner Building project site providing for the total renovation/rehabilitation and conversion into a commercial location for two separate businesses; a coffee shop/book store and a restaurant with a total rentable square footage of approximately 6,250 square feet and surface parking on site and with 90 parking adjacent to the project along 52nd Street recommending the City participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) in an amount up to **$210,000.00** for the costs of site work, acquisition, demolition, architectural and engineering services, surveying, public improvements, and which includes a **$10,000.00** contribution to the Dundee improvement fund as prepared by the Omaha City Planning Department, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  see attached. CCID # 1192  Over three weeks to October 25, 2011 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII F.

* * * * * * * * * * * * *

"PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII H DUE TO NO MEETING BEING HELD OCTOBER 11, 2011 THE THIRD READING AND PUBLIC HEARING ON AGENDA ITEM NO. 32 SHALL BE HELD ON OCTOBER 18, 2011" ZONING ORDINANCE ON SECOND READING 32. Ord. to rezone property located Southwest of 214th and Pacific Streets from AGAgricultural District to R2-Single-Family Residential District (Low Density). (See Doc. # 1155  September 27 Meeting) CCID # 1155  ORDINANCE ON SECOND READING  Final reading to be held October 18, 2011 pursuant to City Council Rule VII H.

* * * * * * * * * * * * *


"PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII H DUE TO NO MEETING BEING HELD OCTOBER 11, 2011 THE THIRD READING ON AGENDA ITEM NOS. 33 THROUGH 38 SHALL BE HELD ON OCTOBER 18, 2011" ((THE PUBLIC HEARINGS ON THESE ITEMS ARE TODAY)) ORDINANCES ON SECOND READING 33. Ord. declaring the necessity of appropriating, for the use of the City of Omaha, certain hereinafter described property located at 4220 Erskine Street, and legally described as Lot 20, Block 10, Clifton Hill, an addition to the City of Omaha, as surveyed, platted, and recorded in Douglas County, Nebraska, for subsequent use as a site for implementing the Consolidated Submission for Community Planning and Development Programs FY 2011 Action Plan; provided that as to each specified parcel, proceedings in eminent domain may be undertaken and completed for the purposes of clearing title; to provide that notwithstanding any provisions of the Omaha Municipal Code to the contrary, the attached Agreement between the City of Omaha and Faye Cole, 4211 Erskine Street, Omaha, NE 68111, to acquire the property for the sum of Four Thousand Five Hundred and 00/100 Dollars (**$4,500.00**) is approved; project costs will be paid from FY 2011 HOME Match Funds, Fund 11111, Organization No. 109023; and to provide the effective date hereof  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1159  September 27 Meeting) CCID # 1159  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for October 18, 2011 pursuant to City Council Rule VII H.


# 2011-10-25

Item 27

Res. the attached CO2 Omaha LLC, **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan proposing a new four-story residential building located at 1502 South 10th Street (10th and Worthington Streets), consisting of five 1-bedroom, four 2-bedroom apartment units, community rooms, and a 16-stall underground parking garage; with the City's participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) in an amount up to **$695,000.00** to offset the costs of site work, acquisition, demolition, architectural and engineering services, surveying, public improvements; and a **$15,000.00** contribution to the 10 th Street Improvement Fund with total project costs of approximately **$7.45** million and **TIF** eligible costs of approximately **$920,646.00,** as prepared by the Omaha City Planning Department, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  over from 10/4/11 for publication and public hearing  had publication - see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1190  October 4 Meeting) Ken Johnson, Planning Department, appeared and spoke.
Motion by Jerram that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Festersen ROLL CALL: Yeas: Jerram, Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Gernandt, Mr. President Absent: Gray Res # 1190  ADOPTED 6-0

COUNCILMEMBER GRAY RE-ENTERS THE LEGISLATIVE CHAMBERS

Item 28

Res. the attached 1201 Howard LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan proposing a multi-story commercial building located at 1201 Howard Street consisting of street level commercial with 12 market rate apartments on the upper floors and with the City's participation thro ugh the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) in an amount up to **$632,500.00** for the costs of site work, acquisition, demolition, architectural and engineering, surveying, public improvements, and a **$10,000.00** contribution to the Old Market improvement fund, as prepared by the Omaha City Planning Department, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 182150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  over from 10/4/11 for publication and public hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1191  October 4 Meeting)

Ken Johnson, Planning Department, appeared and spoke.
Motion by Gernandt that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Gray ROLL CALL: Yeas: Jerram, Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Gernandt, Gray, Mr. President Res # 1191  ADOPTED 7-0

Item 29

Res. the attached 5203 Leavenworth LLC, **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan for the redevelopment of the vacant and detonating historic Wohlner Building project site providing for the total renovation/rehabilitation and conversion into a commercial location for two separate businesses; a coffee shop/book store and a restaurant with a total rentable square footage of approximately 6,250 square feet and surface parking on site and with 90 parking adjacent to the project along 52nd Street recommending the City participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) in an amount up to **$210,000.00** for the costs of site work, acquisition, demolition, architectural and engineering services, surveying, public improvements, and which includes a **$10,000.00** contribution to the Dundee improvement fund as prepared by the Omaha City Planning Department, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  over from 10/4/11 for publication and public hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1192  October 4 Meeting) Ken Johnson, Planning Department, appeared and spoke.
Motion by Jerram that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Gray ROLL CALL: Yeas: Jerram, Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Gernandt, Gray, Mr. President Res # 1192  ADOPTED 7-0


# 2011-11-08

Item 36

Res. that the attached GTMC, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan contemplating the construction of a new three-story building located at 2020 Avenue "J" East consisting of approximately 34,000 sf comprised of 96 residential single room occupancy (SRO) units plus common space, recommending the City's participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) in an amount up to **$410,000.00** to offset the costs of site development, architectural and engineering costs, curbs, sidewalks and landscaping, and any additional public improvements as may be required, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147

through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as prepared by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  see attached. Notice of public hearing on December 6, 2011 published in the Daily Record and the Omaha World Herald on November 10, 2011 and November 17, 2011. CCID # 1338  Over four weeks to December 6, 2011 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII H.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * "PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII H DUE TO NO MEETING BEING HELD NOVEMBER 15, 2011 THE THIRD READING ON AGENDA ITEM NOS. 37 THROUGH 42 SHALL BE HELD ON NOVEMBER 22, 2011" ((THE PUBLIC HEARINGS ON THESE ITEMS ARE TODAY)) ORDINANCES ON SECOND READING 37. Ord. to exercise the prior option to extend a contract by two years, to be effective from January 1, 2012 through December 31, 2013, initially approved by the City Council by Ordinance No. 38595, with Merrell Brothers, Inc. for OPW 51819, being transportation of sludge cake from the Missouri River and Papillion Creek Wastewater Treatment Plants in the amount of **$798,940.00**; to provide for payments from appropriations of more than one year in accordance with Section 5.17 of the Home Rule Charter of 1956, as amended; to provide for payments from specific accounts; and to provide an effective date hereof  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1297  November 1 Meeting) CCID # 1297  ORDINANCE ON SECOND READING  Final reading to be held on November 22, 2011 pursuant to City Council Rule VII H.

Item 50

Ord. approving a Redevelopment and **Tax Increment Financing** Loan Agreement between the City of Omaha and 1201 Howard, LLC, which provides for **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) in the amount of **$632,500.00** for the redevelopment of a site located at 1201 Howard Street in Omaha, Nebraska into a new, mixed-use development that will include an additional 5,000 sq. ft. of new retail space in addition to new market-rate apartments on the upper floors as detailed in the Redevelopment Project Plan; and providing for an effective date  see attached. CCID # 1348  Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on November 22, 2011 pursuant to City Council Rule VII H.

Item 51

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and 3703 Davenport, LLC, a Nebraska Limited Liability Company to implement the 3703 Davenport, LLC, **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for the project site located at 3703 Davenport Street proposing the phasing-in of the rehabilitation of the five apartment structures by overhauling the electrical and mechanical systems in the buildings, and by rehabilitating each of the 54 apartment units, in addition to constructing six basement apartment units to meet requirements of the Americans With Disabilities Act (ADA); the agreement authorizes the use of **$400,000.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. CCID # 1349  Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on November 22, 2011 pursuant to City Council Rule VII H.

Item 52

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and LFive, LLC, a Nebraska Limited Liability Company, to implement the Dundee Ridge Medical **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan at the project site located at 4825 Dodge Street; the agreement proposes construction of 6,200 sf of Class "A" medical office space for the new and expanded offices of the Children's Physicians/Children's Hospital and Medical Center; the agreement authorizes the use of **$250,000.00** in excess ad valorem taxes generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. CCID # 1350  Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on November 22, 2011 pursuant to City Council Rule VII H.



# 2011-11-22

Item 65

Ord. approving a Redevelopment and **Tax Increment Financing** Loan Agreement between the City of Omaha and 1201 Howard, LLC, which provides for **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) in the amount of **$632,500.00** for the redevelopment of a site located at 1201 Howard Street in Omaha, Nebraska into a new, mixed-use development that will include an additional 5,000 sq. ft. of new retail space in addition to new market-rate apartments on the upper floors as detailed in the Redevelopment Project Plan; and providing for an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1348  November 8 Meeting) CCID # 1348  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for December 6, 2011 pursuant to City Council Rule VII H.

Item 66

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and 3703 Davenport, LLC, a Nebraska Limited Liability Company to implement the 3703 Davenport, LLC, **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for the project site located at 3703 Davenport Street proposing the phasing-in of the rehabilitation of the five apartment structures by overhauling the electrical and mechanical systems in the buildings, and by rehabilitating each of the 54 apartment units, in addition to constructing six basement apartment units to meet requirements of the Americans With Disabilities Act (ADA); the agreement authorizes the use of **$400,000.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1349  November 8 Meeting) CCID # 1349  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for December 6, 2011 pursuant to City Council Rule VII H.

Item 67

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and LFive, LLC, a Nebraska Limited Liability Company, to implement the Dundee Ridge Medical **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan at the project site located at 4825 Dodge Street; the agreement proposes construction of 6,200sf of Class "A" medical office space for the new and expanded offices of the Children's Physicians/Children's Hospital and Medical Center; the agreement authorizes the use of **$250,000.00** in excess ad valorem taxes generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1350  November 8 Meeting) Bridget Hadley, Planning Department, appeared and spoke. CCID # 1350  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for December 6, 2011 pursuant to City Council Rule VII H.

Item 83

Res. that the attached 1501 Jackson, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for a project located at 1501 Jackson Street which contemplates the conversion and redevelopment of three surface parking lots in Downtown Omaha into a new five-story, multi-family housing development of 79 market-rate apartment units, a commercial bay and a secured parking structure of 102 parking spaces, and includes the City's participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** in an amount up to **$1,849,199.00.00** to offset the costs of acquisition, site development, demolition, architectural and engineering fees, and public improvements, and contains a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as prepared by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  see attached. Notice of public hearing on December 13, 2011 published in the Daily Record and the Omaha World Herald on November 24, 2011 and December 1, 2011. CCID # 1395  Over three weeks to December 13, 2011 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII F.

Item 84

Res. that the attached NO DO Zesto Development, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for the Zesto project to be located at 1203 Mike Fahey Street which contemplates the conversion and redevelopment of the vacant site in Downtown Omaha into a new two-story Zesto Fast Food Drive-In Restaurant that includes the City's participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** in an amount up to **$655,349.00** to offset the costs of acquisition, site development, demolition, architectural and engineering fees, a **$20,000.00** contribution to the Downtown **TIF** Fund, public improvements, and containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as prepared by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  see attached. Notice of public hearing on December 13, 2011 published in the Daily Record and the Omaha World Herald on November 24, 2011 and December 1, 2011.

CCID # 1396  Over three weeks to December 13, 2011 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII F.

Item 85

Res. that the attached Park School Apartments **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for property located at 1320 South 29 th Street, which contemplates the complete rehabilitation of a three-story building with 24 two-bedroom units and 1 laundry room on the top floor, and parking areas, recommending the City's participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** in an amount up to **$123,427.00** to offset the costs of acquisition, site work, demolition, architectural and engineering fees, rehabilitation costs, and public improvements, for which at least **$15,000.00** of the **TIF** will be used, and, contains a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as prepared by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  see attached. Notice of public hearing on December 13, 2011 published in the Daily Record and the Omaha World Herald on November 24, 2011 and December 1, 2011. CCID # 1397  Over three weeks to December 13, 2011 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII F.

Item 86

Res. that the attached Roseland Theatre Apartments **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for a project located at 4932 South 24th Street which contemplates the complete rehabilitation of 17 apartment units and the underground parking structure of the Roseland Theatre Apartments building and includes the City's participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** in an amount up to **$87,434.00** to offset the costs of acquisition, site work, demolition, architectural and engineering fees, rehabilitation costs, and public improvements for which at least **$15,000.00** of the **TIF** will be used; and contains a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as prepared by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  see attached. Notice of public hearing on December 13, 2011 published in the Daily Record and the Omaha World Herald on November 24, 2011 and December 1, 2011. CCID # 1398  Over three weeks to December 13, 2011 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII F.

* * * * * * * * * * * * *


"PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII F AGENDA ITEM NO. 87 SHALL BE LAID OVER FOUR WEEKS FOR PUBLICATION AND PUBLIC HEARING"

Item 90
ORDINANCES ON FIRST READING 90. Ord. approving a Redevelopment and **Tax Increment Financing** Loan Agreement between the City of Omaha and CO2 OMAHA, LLC, a Nebraska Limited Liability Company to clear the site and construct a new four-story residential building and underground parking garage at a site located at 1502 South 10 th Street in Omaha, Nebraska; providing **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) in the amount of **$695,000.00** to assist in the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. CCID # 1405  Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on December 6, 2011 pursuant to City Council Rule VII H.

Item 91

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and Lofts at 14th, LLC, a Nebraska Limited Liability Company to implement the Lofts at 14th, LLC, **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan at the project site located at 802 South 14 th Street; the former Safeway Cab Building site will be developed into a new four-story building consisting of 42 market-rate apartments, an outdoor roof deck accessible to the building residents, and a ground level that will feature an entry plaza, elevator lobby and 37 enclosed parking stalls; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$450,000.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. CCID # 1406  Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on December 6, 2011 pursuant to City Council Rule VII H.

Item 92

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and Park Avenue Redevelopment, LLC, a Nebraska Limited Liability Company to implement the Park Avenue Redevelopment, LLC, **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan, which consists of the following properties: 2934 Leavenworth Street; 804, 806 and 846 Park Avenue; 628 Park Avenue; 710 and 712 Park Avenue; and, 709 and 713 South 30th Streets; the Agreement provides for the complete renovation of the historic apartments and multi-family buildings, the creation of on and off street parking, substantial landscaping, and changes to portions of 30 th Street and Mason Street adjacent to the project site to handle two-way traffic; the agreement authorizes the use of **$912,000.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. CCID # 1407  Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on December 6, 2011 pursuant to City Council Rule VII H.

Item 93

Ord. approving a Redevelopment and **Tax Increment Financing** Loan Agreement between the City of Omaha and 5203 Leavenworth, LLC, which provides for **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) in the amount of **$210,000.00** to assist in the total renovation and redevelopment of the historic Wohler's Neighborhood Grocery site located at 5203 Leavenworth Street in Omaha, Nebraska; and providing for an effective date  see attached. CCID # 1408  Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on December 6, 2011 pursuant to City Council Rule VII H.


# 2011-12-06

Item 26

Ord. approving a Redevelopment and **Tax Increment Financing** Loan Agreement between the City of Omaha and 1201 Howard, LLC, which provides for **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) in the amount of **$632,500.00** for the redevelopment of a site located at 1201 Howard Street in Omaha, Nebraska into a new, mixed-use development that will include an additional 5,000 sq. ft. of new retail space in addition to new market-rate apartments on the upper floors as detailed in the Redevelopment Project Plan; and providing for an effective date  see attached. (See Doc. # 1348  November 8 and November 22 Meetings) Notice of public hearing held November 22, 2011 published in the Daily Record on November 11, 2011. Ordinance passed on December 6, 2011 published in the Daily Record on December 14, 2011.


CCID # 1348  Motion by Gray that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Festersen ROLL CALL: Yeas: Gernandt, Gray, Jerram, Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Mr. President ORDINANCE # 39175  PASSED 7-0

Item 27

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and 3703 Davenport, LLC, a Nebraska Limited Liability Company to implement the 3703 Davenport, LLC, **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for the project site located at 3703 Davenport Street proposing the phasing-in of the rehabilitation of the five apartment structures by overhauling the electrical and mechanical systems in the buildings, and by rehabilitating each of the 54 apartment units, in addition to constructing six basement apartment units to meet requirements of the Americans With Disabilities Act (ADA); the agreement authorizes the use of **$400,000.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. (See Doc. # 1349  November 8 and November 22 Meetings) Notice of public hearing held November 22, 2011 published in the Daily Record on November 11, 2011. Ordinance passed on December 6, 2011 published in the Daily Record on December 14, 2011. CCID # 1349  Motion by Gray that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Festersen ROLL CALL: Yeas: Gernandt, Gray, Jerram, Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Mr. President ORDINANCE # 39176  PASSED 7-0

Item 28

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and LFive, LLC, a Nebraska Limited Liability Company, to implement the Dundee Ridge Medical **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan at the project site located at 4825 Dodge Street; the agreement proposes construction of 6,200sf of Class "A" medical office space for the new and expanded offices of the Children's Physicians/Children's Hospital and Medical Center; the agreement authorizes the use of **$250,000.00** in excess ad valorem taxes generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. (See Doc. # 1350  November 8 and November 22 Meetings) Notice of public hearing held November 22, 2011 published in the Daily Record on November 11, 2011. Ordinance passed on December 6, 2011 published in the Daily Record on December 14, 2011.


CCID # 1350  Motion by Gray that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Festersen ROLL CALL: Yeas: Gernandt, Gray, Jerram, Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Mr. President ORDINANCE # 39177  PASSED 7-0

Item 50

Res. that the appointment by the Mayor of Freddie Gray as a member of the Library Board to fill the vacancy created by the resignation of Gina Ponce is hereby confirmed. Such term shall commence upon passage of this Resolution and run through June 30, 2012  see attached. Motion by Gray that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Stothert ROLL CALL: Yeas: Gernandt, Gray, Jerram, Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Mr. President Res # 1455  ADOPTED 7-0

((MOTION NEEDED THAT THE RESOLUTIONS ON THE CONSENT AGENDA BE ADOPTED)) * * * * * * * * * * * * * RESOLUTIONS 51. Res. that the attached GTMC, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan contemplating the construction of a new three-story building located at 2020 Avenue "J" East consisting of approximately 34,000 sf comprised of 96 residential single room occupancy (SRO) units plus common space, recommending the City's participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) in an amount up to **$410,000.00** to offset the costs of site development, architectural and engineering costs, curbs, sidewalks and landscaping, and any additional public improvements as may be required, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as prepared by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  over from 11/8/11 for publication and public hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1338  November 8 Meeting) Bridget Hadley, Planning Department, appeared and spoke. Motion by Gernandt that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Gray ROLL CALL: Yeas: Gernandt, Gray, Jerram, Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Mr. President Res # 1338  ADOPTED 7-0 "PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII H DUE TO NO MEETINGS BEING HELD DECEMBER 27, 2011 AND JANUARY 3, 2012 AGENDA ITEM NO. 52 SHALL BE LAID OVER FIVE WEEKS TO JANUARY 10, 2012 FOR PUBLICATION AND PUBLIC HEARING" 52. Res. that the attached 18th and Locust Area Redevelopment Plan, prepared by the Omaha City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved as the Redevelopment Plan for the redevelopment area bounded by Locust Street on the north, the alley right-of-way between 16th and 18th Streets on the east, a line following existing property lines approximately 115 feet south of Corby Street on the south and 19th Avenue on the west, be and hereby is approved  see attached. CCID # 1456  Over five weeks to January 10, 2012 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII H. * * * * * * * * * * * * *

"PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII D THE PUBLIC HEARINGS ON AGENDA ITEM NOS. 53 THROUGH 54 SHALL BE HELD ON THE THIRD READING"

Item 55

Ord. approving a Redevelopment and **Tax Increment Financing** Loan Agreement between the City of Omaha and CO2 OMAHA, LLC, a Nebraska Limited Liability Company to clear the site and construct a new four-story residential building and underground parking garage at a site located at 1502 South 10 th Street in Omaha, Nebraska; providing **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) in the amount of **$695,000.00** to assist in the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1405  November 22 Meeting) Ken Johnson, Planning Department, appeared and spoke. CCID # 1405  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for December 13, 2011 as per City Charter requirements.


Item 56

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and Lofts at 14th, LLC, a Nebraska Limited Liability Company to implement the Lofts at 14th, LLC, **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan at the project site located at 802 South 14th Street; the former Safeway Cab Building site will be developed into a new four-story building consisting of 42 market-rate apartments, an outdoor roof deck accessible to the building residents, and a ground level that will feature an entry plaza, elevator lobby and 37 enclosed parking stalls; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$450,000.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1406  November 22 Meeting) Bridget Hadley, Planning Department, appeared and spoke. CCID # 1406  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for December 13, 2011 as per City Charter requirements.

Item 57

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and Park Avenue Redevelopment, LLC, a Nebraska Limited Liability Company to implement the Park Avenue Redevelopment, LLC, **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan, which consists of the following properties: 2934 Leavenworth Street; 804, 806 and 846 Park Avenue; 628 Park Avenue; 710 and 712 Park Avenue; and, 709 and 713 South 30th Streets; the Agreement provides for the complete renovation of the historic apartments and multi-family buildings, the creation of on and off street parking, substantial landscaping, and changes to portions of 30 th Street and Mason Street adjacent to the project site to handle two-way traffic; the agreement authorizes the use of **$912,000.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1407  November 22 Meeting) Bridget Hadley, Planning Department, appeared and spoke. CCID # 1407  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for December 13, 2011 as per City Charter requirements.


Item 58

Ord. approving a Redevelopment and **Tax Increment Financing** Loan Agreement between the City of Omaha and 5203 Leavenworth, LLC, which provides for **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) in the amount of **$210,000.00** to assist in the total renovation and redevelopment of the historic Wohler's Neighborhood Grocery site located at 5203 Leavenworth Street in Omaha, Nebraska; and providing for an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1408  November 22 Meeting) Ken Johnson, Planning Department, appeared and spoke. CCID # 1408  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for December 13, 2011 as per City Charter requirements.


# 2011-12-13

Item 18

Ord. approving a Redevelopment and **Tax Increment Financing** Loan Agreement between the City of Omaha and CO2 OMAHA, LLC, a Nebraska Limited Liability Company to clear the site and construct a new four-story residential building and underground parking garage at a site located at 1502 South 10 th Street in Omaha, Nebraska; providing **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) in the amount of **$695,000.00** to assist in the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. (See Doc. # 1405  November 22 and December 6 Meetings) Notice of public hearing held December 6, 2011 published in the Daily Record on November 25, 2011. Ordinance passed on December 13, 2011 published in the Daily Record on December 21, 2011. CCID # 1405  Motion by Gernandt that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Gray ROLL CALL: Yeas: Gray, Jerram, Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Gernandt, Mr. President ORDINANCE # 39184  PASSED 7-0

Item 19

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and Lofts at 14th, LLC, a Nebraska Limited Liability Company to implement the Lofts at 14th, LLC, **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan at the project site located at 802 South 14 th Street; the former Safeway Cab Building site will be developed into a new four-story building consisting of 42 market-rate apartments, an outdoor roof deck accessible to the building residents, and a ground level that will feature an entry plaza, elevator lobby and 37 enclosed parking stalls; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$450,000.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. (See Doc. # 1406  November 22 and December 6 Meetings) Notice of public hearing held December 6, 2011 published in the Daily Record on November 25, 2011. Ordinance passed on December 13, 2011 published in the Daily Record on December 21, 2011.

CCID # 1406  Motion by Gernandt that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Gray ROLL CALL: Yeas: Gray, Jerram, Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Gernandt, Mr. President ORDINANCE # 39185  PASSED 7-0

Item 20

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and Park Avenue Redevelopment, LLC, a Nebraska Limited Liability Company to implement the Park Avenue Redevelopment, LLC, **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan, which consists of the following properties: 2934 Leavenworth Street; 804, 806 and 846 Park Avenue; 628 Park Avenue; 710 and 712 Park Avenue; and, 709 and 713 South 30th Streets; the Agreement provides for the complete renovation of the historic apartments and multi-family buildings, the creation of on and off street parking, substantial landscaping, and changes to portions of 30 th Street and Mason Street adjacent to the project site to handle two-way traffic; the agreement authorizes the use of **$912,000.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. (See Doc. # 1407  November 22 and December 6 Meetings) Notice of public hearing held December 6, 2011 published in the Daily Record on November 25, 2011. Ordinance passed on December 13, 2011 published in the Daily Record on December 21, 2011. CCID # 1407  Motion by Gernandt that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Gray ROLL CALL: Yeas: Gray, Jerram, Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Gernandt, Mr. President ORDINANCE # 39186  PASSED 7-0

Item 21

Ord. approving a Redevelopment and **Tax Increment Financing** Loan Agreement between the City of Omaha and 5203 Leavenworth, LLC, which provides for **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) in the amount of **$210,000.00** to assist in the total renovation and redevelopment of the historic Wohler's Neighborhood Grocery site located at 5203 Leavenworth Street in Omaha, Nebraska; and providing for an effective date  see attached. (See Doc. # 1408  November 22 and December 6 Meetings) Notice of public hearing held December 6, 2011 published in the Daily Record on November 25, 2011. Ordinance passed on December 13, 2011 published in the Daily Record on December 21, 2011.


CCID # 1408  Motion by Gernandt that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Gray ROLL CALL: Yeas: Gray, Jerram, Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Gernandt, Mr. President ORDINANCE # 39187  PASSED 7-0

Item 35
RESOLUTIONS 35. Res. that the attached 1501 Jackson, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for a project located at 1501 Jackson Street which contemplates the conversion and redevelopment of three surface parking lots in Downtown Omaha into a new five-story, multi-family housing development of 79 market-rate apartment units, a commercial bay and a secured parking structure of 102 parking spaces, and includes the City's participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** in an amount up to **$1,849,199.00.00** to offset the costs of acquisition, site development, demolition, architectural and engineering fees, and public improvements, and contains a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as prepared by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  over from 11/22/11 for publication and public hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1395  November 22 Meeting) Bridget Hadley, Planning Department, appeared and spoke. Motion by Gray that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Stothert ROLL CALL: Yeas: Gray, Jerram, Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Gernandt, Mr. President Res # 1395  ADOPTED 7-0

Item 36

Res. that the attached NO DO Zesto Development, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for the Zesto project to be located at 1203 Mike Fahey Street which contemplates the conversion and redevelopment of the vacant site in Downtown Omaha into a new two-story Zesto Fast Food Drive-In Restaurant that includes the City's participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** in an amount up to **$655,349.00** to offset the costs of acquisition, site development, demolition, architectural and engineering fees, a **$20,000.00** contribution to the Downtown **TIF** Fund, public improvements, and containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as prepared by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  over from 11/22/11 for publication and public hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1396  November 22 Meeting) Bridget Hadley, Planning Department, appeared and spoke. Motion by Gray that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Stothert ROLL CALL: Yeas: Gray, Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Gernandt, Mr. President Pass: Jerram CITY CLERK CALLS THE ROLL AGAIN: ROLL CALL: Yeas: Gray, Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Gernandt, Mr. President Pass: Jerram Councilmember Jerram passed due to potential conflict of interest Res # 1396  ADOPTED 6-0-1 Pass

Item 37

Res. that the attached Park School Apartments **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for property located at 1320 South 29th Street, which contemplates the complete rehabilitation of a three-story building with 24 two-bedroom units and 1 laundry room on the top floor, and parking areas, recommending the City's participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** in an amount up to **$123,427.00** to offset the costs of acquisition, site work, demolition, architectural and engineering fees, rehabilitation costs, and public improvements, for which at least **$15,000.00** of the **TIF** will be used, and, contains a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as prepared by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  over from 11/22/11 for publication and public hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1397  November 22 Meeting) Bridget Hadley, Planning Department, appeared and spoke.

Motion by Gray that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Jerram ROLL CALL: Yeas: Gray, Jerram, Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Gernandt, Mr. President Res # 1397  ADOPTED 7-0

Item 38

Res. that the attached Roseland Theatre Apartments **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for a project located at 4932 South 24th Street which contemplates the complete rehabilitation of 17 apartment units and the underground parking structure of the Roseland Theatre Apartments building and includes the City's participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** in an amount up to **$87,434.00** to offset the costs of acquisition, site work, demolition, architectural and engineering fees, rehabilitation costs, and public improvements for which at least **$15,000.00** of the **TIF** will be used; and contains a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as prepared by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  over from 11/22/11 for publication and public hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1398  November 22 Meeting) Bridget Hadley, Planning Department, appeared and spoke. Motion by Gernandt that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Gray ROLL CALL: Yeas: Gray, Jerram, Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Gernandt, Mr. President Res # 1398  ADOPTED 7-0


# 2011-12-20

Item 49

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and Livestock Commons, LLC, a Nebraska Limited Liability Company to implement the Livestock Commons, LLC, **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan located at 4910 and 4930 South 30th Street; the agreement proposes the construction of two, new four-story, mixed-use buildings; each building will include a clinic operated by OneWorld Community Health Centers, Inc. and affordable senior housing units; the agreement authorizes the use of **$350,000.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. CCID # 1515  Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on January 10, 2012 pursuant to City Council Rule VII H.

