All mentions of "TIF" in all available journals.

* [Source code](https://github.com/opennebraska/pri-tif/tree/master/cityofomaha.org)
* [All PDF, text files in Dropbox](https://www.dropbox.com/sh/lb1kwtfou7b2kg4/AACAZrrrBOnzRUmgK6ek14a1a?dl=0)



# 2012-01-10

Item 41

Res. that the Amendment to the Alchemy Aksarben, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan, located between 63rd Street & 64th Avenue, Shirley to Cedar Streets, to reduce the boundaries of the Plan area and to eliminate the construction of 20 townhomes and to reduce the **TIF** allocation from **$2,196,000.00** to **$1,546,000.00,** as well as to approve the Georgetown Aksarben, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan located at 6349 South Cedar Plaza which proposes the construction of 63 new market-rate apartment units and enclosed parking garage through the allocation of **$650,000.00** of **TIF** to offset land cost, site development, architectural, engineering, and site utilities which includes **$10,000.00** of the **TIF** for public improvements within the Aksarben Village area, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  see attached. Notice of public hearing on January 31, 2012 published in the Daily Record and the Omaha World Herald on January 12, 2012 and January 19, 2012. CCID # 42  Over three weeks to January 31, 2012 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII F.


Item 42

Res. that the attached 8th Street Towns, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for the redevelopment project site located at 8th and Pacific Streets contemplating the new construction of a 47-unit, market-rate apartment building consisting of mostly studios and 6 two-bedroom units in addition to on-site parking, recommending the City's participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) in an amount up to **$490,000.00** to offset the costs of acquisition, site work, architectural and engineering, which includes **$12,000.00** for public improvements, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  see attached. Notice of public hearing on January 31, 2012 published in the Daily Record and the Omaha World Herald on January 12, 2012 and January 19, 2012. CCID # 24  Over three weeks to January 31, 2012 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII F.

Item 43

Res. that the attached Garage Lofts, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan for the redevelopment project site located at 202 and 216 North 19th Street proposes to adaptively convert and reuse the garage structure to construct 32 loft-style apartment units for low-income housing, recommending the City's participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) in an amount up to **$256,000.00** to offset the costs of acquisition, site work, demolition, rehabilitation costs, architectural and engineering, which includes **$15,000.00** of **TIF** for public improvements, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  see attached. Notice of public hearing on January 31, 2012 published in the Daily Record and the Omaha World Herald on January 12, 2012 and January 19, 2012. CCID # 25  Over three weeks to January 31, 2012 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII F.

* * * * * * * * * * * * *


FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND INDEPENDENT AUDITORS' REPORTS

Item 47

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and Livestock Commons, LLC, a Nebraska Limited Liability Company to implement the Livestock Commons, LLC, **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan located at 4910 and 4930 South 30th Street; the agreement proposes the construction of two, new four-story, mixed-use buildings; each building will include a clinic operated by OneWorld Community Health Centers, Inc. and affordable senior housing units; the agreement authorizes the use of **$350,000.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1515  December 20 Meeting) Bridget Hadley, Planning Department, appeared and spoke. CCID # 1515  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for January 24, 2012 pursuant to City Council Rule VII H.


# 2012-01-24

Item 27

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and Livestock Commons, LLC, a Nebraska Limited Liability Company to implement the Livestock Commons, LLC, **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan located at 4910 and 4930 South 30th Street; the agreement proposes the construction of two, new four-story, mixed-use buildings; each building will include a clinic operated by OneWorld Community Health Centers, Inc. and affordable senior housing units; the agreement authorizes the use of **$350,000.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. (See Doc. # 1515  December 20 and January 10 Meetings) Notice of public hearing held January 10, 2012 published in the Daily Record on December 23, 2011. Ordinance passed on January 24, 2012 published in the Daily Record on February 1, 2012. CCID # 1515  Motion by Gernandt that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Gray ROLL CALL: Yeas: Thompson, Festersen, Gernandt, Gray, Jerram, Stothert, Mr. President ORDINANCE # 39214  PASSED 7-0 (a) Communications re: the ordinance to approve a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and Livestock Commons, LLC  see attached. # 1515  From Chair on File

((MOTION NEEDED THAT THE ORDINANCES ON THE CONSENT AGENDA BE PASSED))

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * (The public hearings on Agenda Item Nos. 28 through 51 are today. If you wish to address the City Council regarding these items, please come to the microphone, indicate the Agenda Item Number you wish to address, identify yourself by your name, address, who you represent, and if you are a proponent or opponent.)

CONSENT AGENDA  RESOLUTIONS


# 2012-01-31

Item 38
RESOLUTIONS 38. Res. that the Amendment to the Alchemy Aksarben, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan, located between 63rd Street & 64th Avenue, Shirley to Cedar Streets, to reduce the boundaries of the Plan area and to eliminate the construction of 20 townhomes and to reduce the **TIF** allocation from **$2,196,000.00** to **$1,546,000.00,** as well as to approve the Georgetown Aksarben, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan located at 6349 South Cedar Plaza which proposes the construction of 63 new market-rate apartment units and enclosed parking garage through the allocation of **$650,000.00** of **TIF** to offset land cost, site development, architectural, engineering, and site utilities which includes **$10,000.00** of the **TIF** for public improvements within the Aksarben Village area, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  over from 1/10/12 for publication and public hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 42  January 10 Meeting) THE FOLLOWING PERSONS APPEARED AND SPOKE: Proponent: Bert Hancock, 1925 South 64th Avenue For the City: Bridget Hadley, Planning Department Motion by Festersen that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Stothert ROLL CALL: Yeas: Festersen, Gernandt, Jerram, Stothert, Thompson, Mr. President Absent: Gray Res # 42  ADOPTED 6-0

Item 39

Res. that the attached 8th Street Towns, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for the redevelopment project site located at 8th and Pacific Streets contemplating the new construction of a 47-unit, market-rate apartment building consisting of mostly studios and 6 two-bedroom units in addition to on-site parking, recommending the Citys participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) in an amount up to **$490,000.00** to offset the costs of acquisition, site work, architectural and engineering, which includes **$12,000.00** for public improvements, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  over from 1/10/12 for publication and public hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 24  January 10 Meeting)

Bridget Hadley, Planning Department, appeared and spoke. Motion by Jerram that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Stothert ROLL CALL: Yeas: Festersen, Gernandt, Jerram, Stothert, Thompson, Mr. President Absent: Gray Res # 24  ADOPTED 6-0

Item 40

Res. that the attached Garage Lofts, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan for the redevelopment project site located at 202 and 216 North 19th Street proposes to adaptively convert and reuse the garage structure to construct 32 loft-style apartment units for low-income housing, recommending the Citys participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) in an amount up to **$256,000.00** to offset the costs of acquisition, site work, demolition, rehabilitation costs, architectural and engineering, which includes **$15,000.00** of **TIF** for public improvements, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  over from 1/10/12 for publication and public hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 25  January 10 Meeting) Bridget Hadley, Planning Department, appeared and spoke. Motion by Jerram that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Stothert ROLL CALL: Yeas: Festersen, Gernandt, Jerram, Stothert, Thompson, Mr. President Absent: Gray Res # 25  ADOPTED 6-0

Item 43

Res. that the attached Ambassador Apartments, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for Ambassador Apartments, LLC redevelopment project located at 111 South 49th Avenue which contemplates the complete renovation/rehabilitation of the historic apartment building includes the Citys participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** in an amount up to **$513,500.00** to offset the costs of acquisition, public improvements, renovation/rehabilitation, demolition, architectural and engineering fees, and a contribution to the **TIF** Public Improvement Fund resulting in an estimated total project cost of **$4,050,647.00,** which is subject to change based on final construction costs, and containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as prepared by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  see attached. CCID # 133  Over four weeks to February 28, 2012 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII H.


Item 44

Res. that the attached United States Cold Storage, Inc., LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for the new United States Cold Storage, Inc., LLC redevelopment project to be located at 4302 South 30th Street which contemplates the conversion and redevelopment of the entire site in South Omaha into a new freezer, warehouse and distribution operation that includes the Citys participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** in an amount up to **$4,899,825.00** to offset the costs of acquisition, public improvements, site development, demolition, architectural and engineering fees, and a contribution to the **TIF** Public Improvement Fund with an estimated total project cost of **$19,503,000.00,** which is subject to change based on final design and construction costs, and containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as prepared by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  see attached. CCID # 134  Over four weeks to February 28, 2012 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII H. * * * * * * * * * * * * * *


# 2012-02-28

Item 75
RESOLUTIONS 75. Res. that the attached Ambassador Apartments, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for Ambassador Apartments, LLC redevelopment project located at 111 South 49 th Avenue which contemplates the complete renovation/rehabilitation of the historic apartment building includes the City's participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** in an amount up to **$513,500.00** to offset the costs of acquisition, public improvements, renovation/rehabilitation, demolition, architectural and engineering fees, and a contribution to the **TIF** Public Improvement Fund resulting in an estimated total project cost of **$4,050,647.00,** which is subject to change based on final construction costs, and containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as prepared by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  over from 1/31/12 for publication and public hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 133  January 31 Meeting) THE FOLLOWING PERSONS APPEARED AND SPOKE: Proponent: Jennifer Taylor, 4524 Farnam Street For the City: Ken Johnson, Planning Department Motion by Jerram that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Festersen ROLL CALL: Yeas: Jerram, Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Gernandt, Mr. President Absent: Gray Res # 133  ADOPTED 6-0

COUNCILMEMBER GRAY RE-ENTERS THE LEGISLATIVE CHAMBERS 76. Res. that the attached United States Cold Storage, Inc., LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for the new United States Cold Storage, Inc., LLC redevelopment project to be located at 4302 South 30th Street which contemplates the conversion and redevelopment of the entire site in South Omaha into a new freezer, warehouse and distribution operation that includes the City's participation through the allocation of Tax Increment Finan cing in an amount up to **$4,899,825.00** to offset the costs of acquisition, public improvements, site development, demolition, architectural and engineering fees, and a contribution to the **TIF** Public Improvement Fund with an estimated total project cost of **$19,503,000.00,** which is subject to change based on final design and construction costs, and containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as prepared by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  over from 1/31/12 for publication and public hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 134  January 31 Meeting)

THE FOLLOWING PERSONS APPEARED AND SPOKE: Proponent: Leslie Wagner, Genova, 8888 Keystone Crossing, Indianapolis, IN For the City: Ken Johnson, Planning Department Motion by Gray that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Stothert ROLL CALL: Yeas: Jerram, Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Gernandt, Gray, Mr. President Res # 134  ADOPTED 7-0

Item 79

Res. that the Amendment to the Broadmoor Development Company, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan, located between 63rd Street and 64th Avenue at Center Street, reduces the boundaries of the Plan area and eliminates the construction of 4 rental townhome units and 69 three-story townhome units from the Plan and reduces the **TIF** allocation from **$5,000,000.00** to **$3,500,000.00,** as well as approves the Aksarben Apartments II, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan located at 2121 South 64th Plaza which proposes the construction of 148 new efficiency, one- and twobedroom market-rate apartment units with enclosed parking garages through the allocation of **$2,500,000.00** of **TIF** to offset costs of site development, architectural and engineering, and site utilities, which includes **$20,000.00** of the **TIF** toward public improvements within the Aksarben Village area, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 182150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  see attached. CCID # 240  Over three weeks to March 20, 2012 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII F.

* * * * * * * * * * * * *

RESOLUTIONS RE: LIQUOR


# 2012-03-06

Item 42
RESOLUTIONS 42. Res that the attached The Barker Building, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for the redevelopment project site located at 306 South 15th Street contemplating the conversion and rehabilitation of the historic Barker Building into commercial office/retail along 15th and Farnam Streets and 48 market-rate apartments on the upper floors of the building, recommending the City's participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) in an amount up to **$1,301,000.00** to offset costs of acquisition, site development, rehabilitation costs, architectural and engineering fees, alley work, and public improvements adjacent to the project site, such as streetscaping and street lights, which includes **$20,000.00** of the **TIF** allocation to the Downtown Public Improvements Fund, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  see attached. CCID # 299  Over three weeks to March 27, 2012 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII F.

Item 43

Res. that, the attached 2223 Dodge Street, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for the redevelopment project site located at 2223 Dodge Street represents the conversion and rehabilitation of the historic, former Northern Natural Gas building  now called The Highline Building  by converting all of the existing office spaces into approximately 194 one and two bedroom market-rate apartment units and to restore its adjacent parking structures to a look of its original era, recommending the City's participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** in an amount up to **$4,590,038.00** to offset the costs of acquisition, site development, rehabilitation costs, and architectural and engineering, which includes **$250,000.00** of the **TIF** allocation for streetscaping along 24th Street between Dodge and Douglas Streets, and along Douglas Streets between 19th and 24th Streets and other public improvement costs, but is subject to change as final costs come in, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  see attached. CCID # 300  Over three weeks to March 27, 2012 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII F.

* * * * * * * * * * * * *

APPEAL RE: BID REJECTION

Item 71

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and 8th Street Towns, LLC, a Nebraska Limited Liability Company to implement the 8th Street Towns, LLC, **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan located at 1106 South 8th Street; the agreement proposes the new construction of a 47-unit, market-rate apartment building consisting of mostly studios and 6 two-bedroom units in addition to on-site parking; the agreement authorizes the use of **$490,000.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. CCID # 323  Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on March 13, 2012 as per City Charter requirements.


# 2012-03-13

Item 56

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and 8th Street Towns, LLC, a Nebraska Limited Liability Company to implement the 8th Street Towns, LLC, **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan located at 1106 South 8th Street; the agreement proposes the new construction of a 47-unit, market-rate apartment building consisting of mostly studios and 6 two-bedroom units in addition to on-site parking; the agreement authorizes the use of **$490,000.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 323  March 6 Meeting) Bridget Hadley, Planning Department, appeared and spoke. CCID # 323  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for March 20, 2012 as per City Charter requirements.

Item 61
ORDINANCES ON FIRST READING 61. Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and 1501 Jackson, L.L.C., a Nebraska Limited Liability Company to implement the 1501 Jackson, L.L.C., **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan at the project site located at 1501 Jackson Street; the plan proposes the conversion and redevelopment of three surface parking lots in Downtown Omaha into a new five-story, market-rate multifamily housing development; the development also includes a secured parking structure of 102 parking spaces and approximately 2,200 square feet of ground floor office/retail space; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$1,849,199.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. CCID # 365  Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on March 20, 2012 as per City Charter requirements.


Item 62

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and Park Roseland Apartments, LLC, a Nebraska limited liability company to implement the Roseland Theatre Apartments **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan located at 4932 South 24th Street; the Agreement contemplates the rehabilitation of the 17 apartment units and the underground parking structure of the historic Roseland Theatre Building; the agreement authorizes the use of **$102,434.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. CCID # 366  Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on March 20, 2012 as per City Charter requirements.

Item 63

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and Park Roseland Apartments, LLC, a Nebraska limited liability company to implement the Park School Apartments **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan located at 1320 South 29th Street contemplating the complete renovation of the historic Park School Apartments with 24 two-bedroom units and parking; the Agreement authorizes the use of **$138,427.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. CCID # 367  Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on March 20, 2012 as per City Charter requirements.


# 2012-03-20

Item 36

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and 8th Street Towns, LLC, a Nebraska Limited Liability Company to implement the 8th Street Towns, LLC, **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan located at 1106 South 8th Street; the agreement proposes the new construction of a 47-unit, market-rate apartment building consisting of mostly studios and 6 two-bedroom units in addition to on-site parking; the agreement authorizes the use of **$490,000.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. (See Doc. # 323  March 6 and March 13 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on March 13, 2012 published in the Daily Record on March 9, 2012. Ordinance passed on March 20, 2012 published in the Daily Record on March 28, 2012. CCID # 323  Motion by Gernandt that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Gray ROLL CALL: Yeas: Festersen, Gernandt, Gray, Jerram, Stothert, Mr. President Absent: Thompson ORDINANCE # 39282  PASSED 6-0


Item 65

Res. that the Amendment to the Broadmoor Development Company, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan, located between 63rd Street and 64th Avenue at Center Street, reduces the boundaries of the Plan area and eliminates the construction of 4 rental townhome units and 69 three-story townhome units from the Plan and reduces the **TIF** allocation from **$5,000,000.00** to **$3,500,000.00,** as well as approves the Aksarben Apartments II, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan located at 2121 South 64th Plaza which proposes the construction of 148 new efficiency, one- and twobedroom market-rate apartment units with enclosed parking garages through the allocation of **$2,500,000.00** of **TIF** to offset costs of site development, architectural and engineering, and site utilities, which includes **$20,000.00** of the **TIF** toward public improvements within the Aksarben Village area, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 182150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  over from 2/28/12 for publication and public hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 240  February 28 Meeting) Bridget Hadley, Planning Department, appeared and spoke. Motion by Festersen that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Stothert ROLL CALL: Yeas: Festersen, Gernandt, Gray, Jerram, Stothert, Mr. President Absent: Thompson Res # 240  ADOPTED 6-0

ORDINANCES ON SECOND READING

Item 66

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and 1501 Jackson, L.L.C., a Nebraska Limited Liability Company to implement the 1501 Jackson, L.L.C., **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan at the project site located at 1501 Jackson Street; the plan proposes the conversion and redevelopment of three surface parking lots in Downtown Omaha into a new five-story, market-rate multifamily housing development; the development also includes a secured parking structure of 102 parking spaces and approximately 2,200 square feet of ground floor office/retail space; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$1,849,199.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 365  March 13 Meeting) Bridget Hadley, Planning Department, appeared and spoke.

CCID # 365  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for March 27, 2012 as per City Charter requirements.

Item 67

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and Park Roseland Apartments, LLC, a Nebraska limited liability company to implement the Roseland Theatre Apartments **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan located at 4932 South 24th Street; the Agreement contemplates the rehabilitation of the 17 apartment units and the underground parking structure of the historic Roseland Theatre Building; the agreement authorizes the use of **$102,434.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 366  March 13 Meeting) THE FOLLOWING PERSONS APPEARED AND SPOKE: Proponent: Michael Paulison, Central States Development, 740 South 75 th Street For the City: Bridget Hadley, Planning Department CCID # 366  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for March 27, 2012 as per City Charter requirements.

Item 68

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and Park Roseland Apartments, LLC, a Nebraska limited liability company to implement the Park School Apartments **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan located at 1320 South 29th Street contemplating the complete renovation of the historic Park School Apartments with 24 two-bedroom units and parking; the Agreement authorizes the use of **$138,427.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 367  March 13 Meeting) THE FOLLOWING PERSONS APPEARED AND SPOKE: Proponent: Michael Paulison, Central States Development, 740 South 75 th Street For the City: Bridget Hadley, Planning Department CCID # 367  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for March 27, 2012 as per City Charter requirements.

COUNCILMEMBER FESTERSEN LEAVES THE LEGISLATIVE CHAMBERS



# 2012-03-27

Item 10

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and 1501 Jackson, L.L.C., a Nebraska Limited Liability Company to implement the 1501 Jackson, L.L.C., **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan at the project site located at 1501 Jackson Street; the plan proposes the conversion and redevelopment of three surface parking lots in Downtown Omaha into a new five-story, market-rate multifamily housing development; the development also includes a secured parking structure of 102 parking spaces and approximately 2,200 square feet of ground floor office/retail space; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$1,849,199.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. (See Doc. # 365  March 13 and March 20 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on March 20, 2012 published in the Daily Record on March 16, 2012. Ordinance passed on March 27, 2012 published in the Daily Record on April 4, 2012. CCID # 365  Motion by Gernandt that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Gray ROLL CALL: Yeas: Gernandt, Gray, Jerram, Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Mr. President ORDINANCE # 39287  PASSED 7-0

Item 11

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and Park Roseland Apartments, LLC, a Nebraska limited liability company to implement the Roseland Theatre Apartments **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan located at 4932 South 24th Street; the Agreement contemplates the rehabilitation of the 17 apartment units and the underground parking structure of the historic Roseland Theatre Building; the agreement authorizes the use of **$102,434.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. (See Doc. # 366  March 13 and March 20 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on March 20, 2012 published in the Daily Record on March 16, 2012. Ordinance passed on March 27, 2012 published in the Daily Record on April 4, 2012. CCID # 366  Motion by Gernandt that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Gray ROLL CALL: Yeas: Gernandt, Gray, Jerram, Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Mr. President ORDINANCE # 39288  PASSED 7-0


Item 12

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and Park Roseland Apartments, LLC, a Nebraska limited liability company to implement the Park School Apartments **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan located at 1320 South 29th Street contemplating the complete renovation of the historic Park School Apartments with 24 two-bedroom units and parking; the Agreement authorizes the use of **$138,427.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. (See Doc. # 367  March 13 and March 20 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on March 20, 2012 published in the Daily Record on March 16, 2012. Ordinance passed on March 27, 2012 published in the Daily Record on April 4, 2012. CCID # 367  Motion by Gernandt that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Gray ROLL CALL: Yeas: Gernandt, Gray, Jerram, Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Mr. President ORDINANCE # 39289  PASSED 7-0

Item 27
ORDINANCE ON FINAL READING 27. Ord. to amend Omaha Municipal Code sections 20-120.01 and 20-120.02 to harmonize the sections with state law; to prohibit individuals required to register pursuant to the Nebraska Sex Offender Registration Act from residing within 500 feet of a school; to repeal the sections as previously existing; and to provide an effective date thereof  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE PASSED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 372  March 13 and March 20 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on March 20, 2012 published in the Daily Record on March 16, 2012. Ordinance passed on March 27, 2012 published in the Daily Record on April 4, 2012. THE FOLLOWING PERSONS APPEARED AND SPOKE: Protestant: Eric Baird, Nebraskans Unafraid, 1135 Devon Drive, Papillion, NE For the City: David Smalheiser, Law Department CCID # 372  Motion by Thompson that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Stothert ROLL CALL: Yeas: Gernandt, Gray, Jerram, Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Mr. President ORDINANCE # 39291  PASSED 7-0 RESOLUTIONS 28. Res that the attached The Barker Building, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for the redevelopment project site located at 306 South 15th Street contemplating the conversion and rehabilitation of the historic Barker Building into commercial office/retail along 15th and Farnam Streets and 48 market-rate apartments on the upper floors of the building, recommending the City's participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) in an amount up to **$1,301,000.00** to offset costs of acquisition, site development, rehabilitation costs, architectural and engineering fees, alley work, and public improvements adjacent to the project site, such as streetscaping and street lights, which includes **$20,000.00** of the **TIF** allocation to the Downtown Public Improvements Fund, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  over from 3/6/12 for publication and public hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 299  March 6 Meeting) CCID # 299  Motion by Gray that the Resolution be laid over three weeks to April 17, 2012 for republication and continuation of the public hearing Seconded by Jerram ROLL CALL: Yeas: Gernandt, Gray, Jerram, Stothert, Thompson, Festersend, Mr. President Motion Carried 7-0

(a)

Amendment requested by the Planning Department  see attached # 299  Over to 04/17/12

Item 29

Res. that, the attached 2223 Dodge Street, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for the redevelopment project site located at 2223 Dodge Street represents the conversion and rehabilitation of the historic, former Northern Natural Gas building  now called The Highline Building  by converting all of the existing office spaces into approximately 194 one and two bedroom market-rate apartment units and to restore its adjacent parking structures to a look of its original era, recommending the City's participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** in an amount up to **$4,590,038.00** to offset the costs of acquisition, site development, rehabilitation costs, and architectural and engineering, which includes **$250,000.00** of the **TIF** allocation for streetscaping along 24th Street between Dodge and Douglas Streets, and along Douglas Streets between 19th and 24th Streets and other public improvement costs, but is subject to change as final costs come in, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  over from 3/6/12 for publication and public hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 300  March 6 Meeting) THE FOLLOWING PERSONS APPEARED AND SPOKE: Proponent: Todd Heistand, Nu Style Development, 1524 Cuming Street For the City: Bridget Hadley, Planning Department Motion by Gray that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Stothert ROLL CALL: Yeas: Gernandt, Gray, Jerram, Stothert, Thompson, Festersend, Mr. President Res # 300  ADOPTED 7-0


"PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII D THE PUBLIC HEARING ON AGENDA ITEM NO. 30 SHALL BE HELD ON THE THIRD READING" ZONING ORDINANCE ON SECOND READING 30. Ord. to amend an existing PK-Parking Overlay District, in an R7-Medium-Density Multiple-Family Residential District located Northwest of 48th and Douglas Streets (Lot 9, Dundee Ridge Replat), to approve the Parking Plan, and to provide for an effective date  see attached. (See Doc. # 399  March 20 Meeting) CCID # 399  ORDINANCE ON SECOND READING  Final reading to be held on April 3, 2012 as per City Charter requirements.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * ORDINANCES ON SECOND READING 31. Ord. approving an Interlocal Agreement between the City of Omaha and PapioMissouri River Natural Resource District (PMRNRD) involving the payment of money from appropriations of more than one year in accordance with Section 5.17 of the Home Rule Charter of 1956, as amended; to provide for the terms and conditions under which Omaha and the PMRNRD will participate in a project for the rehabilitation of the Omaha Levee; to authorize the Finance Department to receive a 50% cost share from PMRNRD not to exceed **$2,000,000.00** according to the disbursement terms contained within the Agreement; and to provide an effective date hereof  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 400  March 20 Meeting) CCID # 400  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for April 3, 2012 as per City Charter requirements.


# 2012-04-17

Item 57
RESOLUTION 57. Res that the attached The Barker Building, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for the redevelopment project site located at 306 South 15th Street contemplating the conversion and rehabilitation of the historic Barker Building into commercial office/retail along 15th and Farnam Streets and 48 market-rate apartments on the upper floors of the building, recommending the City's participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) in an amount up to **$1,301,000.00** to offset costs of acquisition, site development, rehabilitation costs, architectural and engineering fees, alley work, and public improvements adjacent to the project site, such as streetscaping and street lights, which includes **$20,000.00** of the **TIF** allocation to the Downtown Public Improvements Fund, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  over from 3/27/12 for re-publication and continuation of public hearing  had republication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING CONTINUED TO TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 299  March 6 and March 27 Meetings)

Bridget Hadley, Planning Department, appeared and spoke. Resolution read Motion by Jerram that the Resolution be ADOPTED AS AMENDED Seconded by Thompson ROLL CALL: Yeas: Jerram, Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Gernandt, Gray, Mr. President Res # 299  ADOPTED AS AMENDED 7-0 (a) Amendment requested by the Planning Department  over from 3/27/12  see attached. (See Doc. # 299  March 27 Meeting) # 299 - Motion by Jerram that the Amendment be approved Seconded by Gray ROLL CALL: Yeas: Jerram, Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Gernandt, Gray, Mr. President Motion Carried 7-0


# 2012-05-01

Item 50
ORDINANCES ON FIRST READING 50. Ord. to approve an Amendment to the Georgetown Properties LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Agreement approved by Ordinance No. 37838 on September 11, 2007 to remove the area legally described as Lot 2, Aksarben Village Replat 4 from that plan area, to remove 20 townhomes from the Plan, and to reduce the originally approved **TIF** Loan from **$2,196,000.00** to **$1,546,000.00**; to approve the Georgetown Aksarben, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Loan Agreement between the City of Omaha and Georgetown Aksarben, LLC for the Georgetown Aksarben, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan, which contemplates the use of **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) in the amount of **$650,000.00** to redevelop the project site located at 6349 South Cedar Plaza into a new three-story, market-rate apartment building consisting of 63 new market-rate apartments above an enclosed parking garage and using the remaining portion of the parcel as a green space with a covered picnic area with grills; and providing for an effective date  see attached. CCID # 595  Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on May 8, 2012 as per City Charter requirements.


Item 51

Ord. to approve a **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Agreement between the City of Omaha, a Nebraska Municipal Corporation in Douglas County, Nebraska, and NO DO ZESTO Development, LLC to implement the NO DO ZESTO DEVELOPMENT, L.L.C. **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Plan for the development of a vacant 12, 869 sq. ft. / .30 acre site at 1203 Mike Fahey Street in Downtown Omaha for the construction of a new two-story Zesto Fast Food restaurant; to approve the NO DO ZESTO DEVELOPMENT L.L.C. **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Loan Agreement, which authorizes the use of **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) in the amount of **$655,349.00** to redevelop the project site located at 1203 Mike Fahey Street  see attached. CCID # 596  Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on May 8, 2012 as per City Charter requirements.

Item 52

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and 2223 Dodge Street, LLC, a Nebraska limited liability company to implement the 2223 Dodge Street, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan located at 2223 Dodge Street contemplating the conversion and rehabilitation of the historic Northern Natural Gas building  now called The Highline Building  and its adjacent parking structures; the Agreement authorizes the use of **$4,590,038.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. CCID # 597  Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on May 8, 2012 as per City Charter requirements.


# 2012-05-08

Item 36

Ord. to approve an Amendment to the Georgetown Properties LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Agreement approved by Ordinance No. 37838 on September 11, 2007 to remove the area legally described as Lot 2, Aksarben Village Replat 4 from that plan area, to remove 20 townhomes from the Plan, and to reduce the originally approved **TIF** Loan from **$2,196,000.00** to **$1,546,000.00**; to approve the Georgetown Aksarben, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Loan Agreement between the City of Omaha and Georgetown Aksarben, LLC for the Georgetown Aksarben, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan, which contemplates the use of **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) in the amount of **$650,000.00** to redevelop the project site located at 6349 South Cedar Plaza into a new three-story, market-rate apartment building consisting of 63 new market-rate apartments above an enclosed parking garage and using the remaining portion of the parcel as a green space with a covered picnic area with grills; and providing for an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 595  May 1 Meeting) Ken Johnson, Planning Department, appeared and spoke. CCID # 595  ORDINANCE ON SECOND READING  Final reading to be held on May 15, 2012 as per City Charter requirements.


Item 37

Ord. to approve a **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Agreement between the City of Omaha, a Nebraska Municipal Corporation in Douglas County, Nebraska, and NO DO ZESTO Development, LLC to implement the NO DO ZESTO DEVELOPMENT, L.L.C. **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Plan for the development of a vacant 12, 869 sq. ft. / .30 acre site at 1203 Mike Fahey Street in Downtown Omaha for the construction of a new two-story Zesto Fast Food restaurant; to approve the NO DO ZESTO DEVELOPMENT L.L.C. **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Loan Agreement, which authorizes the use of **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) in the amount of **$655,349.00** to redevelop the project site located at 1203 Mike Fahey Street  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 596  May 1 Meeting) Ken Johnson, Planning Department, appeared and spoke. CCID # 596  ORDINANCE ON SECOND READING  Final reading to be held on May 15, 2012 as per City Charter requirements.

Item 38

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and 2223 Dodge Street, LLC, a Nebraska limited liability company to implement the 2223 Dodge Street, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan located at 2223 Dodge Street contemplating the conversion and rehabilitation of the historic Northern Natural Gas building  now called The Highline Building  and its adjacent parking structures; the Agreement authorizes the use of **$4,590,038.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 597  May 1 Meeting) THE FOLLOWING PERSONS APPEARED AND SPOKE: Proponent: Todd Heistand, NuStyle Development For the City: Ken Johnson, Planning Department CCID # 597  ORDINANCE ON SECOND READING  Final reading to be held on May 15, 2012 as per City Charter requirements.

Item 44

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and GTMC, LLC, a Nebraska limited liability company to implement the GTMC, LLC, **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan located at 2020 Avenue "J" East at the Open Door Mission Campus; the agreement proposes the construction of a new three-story building with approximately 34,000 square feet of space, which includes 96 residential single room occupancy (SRO) units plus common space; the agreement authorizes the use of **$410,000.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. CCID # 611  Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on May 15, 2012 as per City Charter requirements.



# 2012-05-15

Item 15
CONSENT AGENDA  ORDINANCES 15. Ord. to approve an Amendment to the Georgetown Properties LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Agreement approved by Ordinance No. 37838 on September 11, 2007 to remove the area legally described as Lot 2, Aksarben Village Replat 4 from that plan area, to remove 20 townhomes from the Plan, and to reduce the originally approved **TIF** Loan from **$2,196,000.00** to **$1,546,000.00**; to approve the Georgetown Aksarben, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Loan Agreement between the City of Omaha and Georgetown Aksarben, LLC for the Georgetown Aksarben, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan, which contemplates the use of **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) in the amount of **$650,000.00** to redevelop the project site located at 6349 South Cedar Plaza into a new three-story, market-rate apartment building consisting of 63 new market-rate apartments above an enclosed parking garage and using the remaining portion of the parcel as a green space with a covered picnic area with grills; and providing for an effective date  see attached. (See Doc. # 595  May 1 and May 8 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on May 8, 2012 published in the Daily Record on May 4, 2012. Ordinance passed on May 15, 2012 published in the Daily Record on May 23, 2012. CCID # 595  Motion by Gray that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Festersen ROLL CALL: Yeas: Gernandt, Gray, Jerram, Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Mr. President ORDINANCE # 39325  PASSED 7-0

AGENDA ITEM NO. 16 REMOVED FROM THE CONSENT AGENDA AT THE REQUEST OF COUNCILMEMBER JERRAM 16. Ord. to approve a **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Agreement between the City of Omaha, a Nebraska Municipal Corporation in Douglas County, Nebraska, and NO DO ZESTO Development, LLC to implement the NO DO ZESTO DEVELOPMENT, L.L.C. **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Plan for the development of a vacant 12, 869 sq. ft. / .30 acre site at 1203 Mike Fahey Street in Downtown Omaha for the construction of a new two-story Zesto Fast Food restaurant; to approve the NO DO ZESTO DEVELOPMENT L.L.C. **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Loan Agreement, which authorizes the use of **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) in the amount of **$655,349.00** to redevelop the project site located at 1203 Mike Fahey Street  see attached. (See Doc. # 596  May 1 and May 8 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on May 8, 2012 published in the Daily Record on May 4, 2012. Ordinance passed on May 15, 2012 published in the Daily Record on May 23, 2012.

CCID # 596  Motion by Gray that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Stothert ROLL CALL: Yeas: Gernandt, Gray, Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Mr. President Pass: Jerram CITY CLERK CALLS THE ROLL AGAIN: ROLL CALL: Yeas: Gernandt, Gray, Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Mr. President Pass: Jerram Councilmember Jerram passed due to potential conflict of interest ORDINANCE # 39330  PASSED 6-0-1 Pass

Item 17

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and 2223 Dodge Street, LLC, a Nebraska limited liability company to implement the 2223 Dodge Street, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan located at 2223 Dodge Street contemplating the conversion and rehabilitation of the historic Northern Natural Gas building  now called The Highline Building  and its adjacent parking structures; the Agreement authorizes the use of **$4,590,038.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. (See Doc. # 597  May 1 and May 8 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on May 8, 2012 published in the Daily Record on May 4, 2012. Ordinance passed on May 15, 2012 published in the Daily Record on May 23, 2012. CCID # 597  Motion by Gray that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Festersen ROLL CALL: Yeas: Gernandt, Gray, Jerram, Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Mr. President ORDINANCE # 39326  PASSED 7-0

Item 49
ORDINANCES ON SECOND READING 49. Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and GTMC, LLC, a Nebraska limited liability company to implement the GTMC, LLC, **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan located at 2020 Avenue "J" East at the Open Door Mission Campus; the agreement proposes the construction of a new three-story building with approximately 34,000 square feet of space, which includes 96 residential single room occupancy (SRO) units plus common space; the agreement authorizes the use of **$410,000.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 611  May 8 Meeting)

Bridget Hadley, Planning Department, appeared and spoke. CCID # 611  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for May 22, 2012 as per City Charter requirements.

Item 51

Ord. to amend Omaha Municipal Code Sec. 36-213 regarding hours of operation of parking meters; to codify the extended hours for paid meter parking in the City; to repeal Sec. 36-213 as heretofore existing; and to provide the effective date thereof  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 613  May 8 Meeting) CCID # 613  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for May 22, 2012 as per City Charter requirements. "PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII H DUE TO NO MEETING BEING HELD MAY 29, 2012 THE THIRD READING AND PUBLIC HEARINGS ON AGENDA ITEM NOS. 52 THROUGH 53 SHALL BE HELD ON JUNE 5, 2012"

ZONING ORDINANCE ON FIRST READING and Planning Board Attachment 52. Ord. to rescind the PK-Parking Overlay Districts for property located north of Chicago Street, south of Cass Street and east of 84th Street, and to provide for an effective date  see attached.


CCID # 658  Publication to be made and public hearing and third reading to be held on June 5, 2012 pursuant to City Council Rule VII H. (a) Planning Board and Planning Department recommend approval of the request to repeal the PK-Parking Overlay Districts, for property located north of Chicago Street, south of Cass Street and east of 84th Street  see attached. # 658  Over to 06/05/12

ORDINANCE ON FIRST READING and Planning Board Attachment 53. Ord. to amend the boundaries of the MCC-Major Commercial Corridor Overlay District, to incorporate into that district the property located north of Chicago Street, south of Cass Street and east of 84th Street; and to provide for an effective date  see attached. CCID # 659  Publication to be made and public hearing and third reading to be held on June 5, 2012 pursuant to City Council Rule VII H. (a) Planning Board and Planning Department recommend approval of an MCC-Major Commercial Corridor Overlay District, for property located north of Chicago Street, south of Cass Street and east of 84th Street  see attached. # 659  Over to 06/05/12

* * * * * * * * * * * * *


"PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII C THE PUBLIC HEARINGS ON AGENDA ITEM NOS. 54 THROUGH 59 SHALL BE HELD ON THE SECOND READING" ORDINANCES ON FIRST READING 54. Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and The Barker Building, L.L.C., a Nebraska limited Liability Company to implement The Barker Building, L.L.C., **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan at the project site located at 306 South 15th Street; the plan proposes the conversion and rehabilitation of the historic Barker Building into a mixed-use, multi-family housing project consisting of approximately 48 market-rate units and a total of 6,575 square feet of commercial office/retail space; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$1,433,100.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; with additional provisions including granting of an airspace easement and additional improvements in the right of way; and providing for an effective date  see attached. CCID # 660  Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on May 22, 2012 as per City Charter requirements.


# 2012-05-22

Item 25

Res. that, in accordance with the Lottery Operator's Agreement with the City of Omaha, EHPV Lottery Services, LLC. is granted approval to operate a Big Red satellite keno location at O Face Bar, 1014 S. 74 th Plaza, in Omaha, Nebraska  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) Katrina Coffey, Vice President of Marketing, Big Red Keno, 11248 John Galt Boulevard, appeared and spoke. Motion by Gray that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Festersen ROLL CALL: Yeas: Gray, Jerram, Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Gernandt, Mr. President Res # 683  ADOPTED 7-0 CONSENT AGENDA

(Any member of the City Council may cause any item placed on the Consent Agenda to be removed there from. Items removed from the Consent Agenda shall be taken up by the City Council immediately following the Consent Agenda in the order in which they were removed unless otherwise taken out of order as otherwise provided by the City Council Rules of Order.) (The public hearings on Agenda Item Nos. 26 through 28 were held on May 15, 2012.) CONSENT AGENDA  ORDINANCES 26. Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and GTMC, LLC, a Nebraska limited liability company to implement the GTMC, LLC, **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan located at 2020 Avenue "J" East at the Open Door Mission Campus; the agreement proposes the construction of a new three-story building with approximately 34,000 square feet of space, which includes 96 residential single room occupancy (SRO) units plus common space; the agreement authorizes the use of **$410,000.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. (See Doc. # 611  May 8 and May 15 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on May 15, 2012 published in the Daily Record on May 11, 2012. Ordinance passed on May 22, 2012 published in the Daily Record on May 30, 2012. CCID # 611  Motion by Gray that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Stothert ROLL CALL: Yeas: Gray, Jerram, Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Gernandt, Mr. President ORDINANCE # 39333  PASSED 7-0


Item 44
ORDINANCES ON SECOND READING 44. Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and The Barker Building, L.L.C., a Nebraska limited Liability Company to implement The Barker Building, L.L.C., **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan at the project site located at 306 South 15th Street; the plan proposes the conversion and rehabilitation of the historic Barker Building into a mixed-use, multi-family housing project consisting of approximately 48 market-rate units and a total of 6,575 square feet of commercial office/retail space; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$1,433,100.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; with additional provisions including granting of an airspace easement and additional improvements in the right of way; and providing for an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 660  May 8 Meeting) Bridget Hadley, Planning Department, appeared and spoke. CCID # 660  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for June 5, 2012 pursuant to City Council Rule VII H.


# 2012-06-05

Item 22

Res. that, in accordance with the Lottery Operator's Agreement with the City of Omaha, EHPV Lottery Services, LLC is granted approval to operate a Big Red satellite keno location at 6301 Military Avenue , Jerrys Bar, in Omaha, Nebraska  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) Katrina Coffey, Vice President of Marketing, Big Red Keno, 11248 John Galt Boulevard, appeared and spoke. Motion by Gernandt that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Gray ROLL CALL: Yeas: Jerram, Stothert, Festersen, Gernandt, Gray, Mr. President Absent: Thompson Res # 721  ADOPTED 6-0

CONSENT AGENDA

(Any member of the City Council may cause any item placed on the Consent Agenda to be removed there from. Items removed from the Consent Agenda shall be taken up by the City Council immediately following the Consent Agenda in the order in which they were removed unless otherwise taken out of order as otherwise provided by the City Council Rules of Order.) (The public hearings on Agenda Item Nos. 23 through 28 were held on May 22, 2012.) CONSENT AGENDA  ORDINANCES 23. Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and The Barker Building, L.L.C., a Nebraska limited Liability Company to implement The Barker Building, L.L.C., **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan at the project site located at 306 South 15th Street; the plan proposes the conversion and rehabilitation of the historic Barker Building into a mixed-use, multi-family housing project consisting of approximately 48 market-rate units and a total of 6,575 square feet of commercial office/retail space; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$1,433,100.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; with additional provisions including granting of an airspace easement and additional improvements in the right of way; and providing for an effective date  see attached. (See Doc. # 660  May 15 and May 22 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on May 22, 2012 published in the Daily Record on May 18, 2012. Ordinance passed on June 5, 2012 published in the Daily Record on June 13, 2012.


CCID # 660  Motion by Gernandt that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Gray ROLL CALL: Yeas: Jerram, Stothert, Festersen, Gernandt, Gray, Mr. President Absent: Thompson ORDINANCE # 39338  PASSED 6-0

Item 43

Res. that, the attached Interlocal Cooperation Agreement among the City of Omaha, the City of Bennington, and Douglas County, providing for joint law enforcement services for the Omaha Triathlon event, to be held this year on August 5, 2012, and on various dates in future years, to be paid for by the event organizer, be and hereby is approved; and the Mayor is authorized to execute the said Agreement  see attached.


Motion by Gray that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Stothert ROLL CALL: Yeas: Jerram, Stothert, Festersen, Gernandt, Gray, Mr. President ,, Absent: Thompson Res # 732  ADOPTED 6-0 44. Res. that the nomination and appointment by Mayor Jim Suttle of Kristin M. Nelson as the architect representative member of the Plumbing Board, to serve a three-year term commencing upon confirmation by the City Council and expiring May 15, 2015, be and hereby is confirmed and approved  see attached. Motion by Gray that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Stothert ROLL CALL: Yeas: Jerram, Stothert, Festersen, Gernandt, Gray, Mr. President ,, Absent: Thompson Res # 733  ADOPTED 6-0
((MOTION NEEDED THAT THE RESOLUTIONS ON THE CONSENT AGENDA BE ADOPTED))

* * * * * * * * * * * * * RESOLUTIONS 45. Res. that the attached Substantial Amendment to the Omaha-Council Bluffs Consortium Consolidated Submission for Community Development Programs: 2012 Action Plan, permitting the awarding of Emergency Solutions Grant funds to Catholic Charities: The Shelter (**$6000.00** for shelter operations), The Stephen Center Emergency Shelter (**$32,000.00** for shelter operations), Siena/Francis House Emergency Shelter (**$147,801.00** for shelter operations), Help the Homeless  Open Door/Lydia House Emergency Shelter (**$32,000.00** for shelter operations), Heartland Family Service (**$33,600.00** for rapid re-housing), Family Housing Advisory Services (**$33,700.00** for homelessness prevention), Together, Inc. (**$36,800.00** for homelessness prevention), and the Iowa Institute for Community Alliances (**$13,876.00** for the CoCs Homeless Management Information System) is hereby approved. Funds shall be paid from Fund No. 12139, Organization No. 129028  over from 5/15/12 for publication and public hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 657  May 15 Meeting) Motion by Jerram that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Gernandt ROLL CALL: Yeas: Jerram, Stothert, Festersen, Gernandt, Gray, Mr. President ,, Absent: Thompson Res # 657  ADOPTED 6-0

"PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII F AGENDA ITEM NOS. 46 THROUGH 48 SHALL BE LAID OVER THREE WEEKS FOR PUBLICATION AND PUBLIC HEARING" 46. Res. that the attached Victory Apartments, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for the redevelopment project site located at 819 Dorcas Street to completely rehabilitate the interior of the six-story structure to build-out offices on the bottom two floors of the building and 80 residential units on the remaining top floors targeted for at-risk U.S. Military Veterans, recommending the Citys participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** in an amount up to **$715,000.00** to offset the costs of acquisition, rehabilitation, architectural and engineering, and also includes **$10,000.00** of the **TIF** allocation towards public improvements along the 10 th Street Corridor, but is subject to change as final costs come in, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  see attached. Notice of public hearing on June 26, 2012 published in the Daily Record and the Omaha World Herald on June 7, 2012 and June 14, 2012. CCID # 735  Over three weeks to June 26, 2012 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII F.

Item 47

Res. that the attached The Nottingham at Gifford Park **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for the redevelopment project site located at 3304 Burt Street proposes to rehabilitate the building, which consists of 32 market-rate units, and parking area, recommending the Citys participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** in an amount up to **$535,349.00** to offset the costs of acquisition, rehabilitation, architectural and engineering, and also includes **$10,000.00** of the **TIF** allocation toward public improvements, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved see attached. Notice of public hearing on June 26, 2012 published in the Daily Record and the Omaha World Herald on June 7, 2012 and June 14, 2012. CCID # 764  Over three weeks to June 26, 2012 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII F.


Item 48

Res. that the attached 3101 South 24th Street, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for the redevelopment project site  the historic Aksarben Beef Building  located at 3101 South 24th Street represents the adaptive reuse and rehabilitation of the historic building and proposes to convert the building into 20 apartment units for low-income housing  3 twobedroom units, 14 three-bedroom units and 3 four-bedroom units, recommending the Citys participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** in an amount up to **$160,000.00** to offset the costs of acquisition, site work, demolition, rehabilitation costs, architectural and engineering, and public improvements, which includes **$15,000.00** of the **TIF** allocation for public improvements adjacent to and surrounding the project site, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  see attached. Notice of public hearing on June 26, 2012 published in the Daily Record and the Omaha World Herald on June 7, 2012 and June 14, 2012. CCID # 765  Over three weeks to June 26, 2012 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII F. * * * * * * * * * * * * * "PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII D THE PUBLIC HEARINGS ON AGENDA ITEM NOS. 49 THROUGH 54 SHALL BE HELD ON THE THIRD READING"

Item 73

Ord. to approve the Ambassador Apartments, LLC, **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Agreement to implement the Ambassador Apartments, LLC, **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Plan as approved by Resolution No. 133 on February 28, 2012 for the rehabilitation and redevelopment of the vacant historical 32,045 sq. ft. building, located at 111 South 49th Avenue in Omaha, Nebraska for the construction of the Ambassador Apartments; to approve the Ambassador Apartments, LLC, **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Loan Agreement which contemplates and authorizes the use of **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) in the amount of **$513,500.00,** which includes **$10,000.00** of the **TIF** allocation for the area public improvement fund, to redevelop the project site for the construction of the Ambassador Apartments; and to provide an effective date  see attached. CCID # 766  Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on June 12, 2012 as per City Charter requirements.

* * * * * * * * * * * * *

EXECUTIVE SESSION


# 2012-06-12

Item 52

Ord. to approve the Ambassador Apartments, LLC, **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Agreement to implement the Ambassador Apartments, LLC. **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Plan as approved by Resolution No. 133 on February 28, 2012 for the rehabilitation and redevelopment of the vacant historical 32,045 sq. ft. building / located at 111 South 49th Avenue in Omaha, Nebraska for the construction of the Ambassador Apartments; to approve the Ambassador Apartments, LLC. **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Loan Agreement which contemplates and authorizes the use of **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) in the amount of **$513,500.00,** which includes **$10,000.00** of the **TIF** allocation for the area public improvement fund, to redevelop the project site for the construction of the Ambassador Apartments; and to provide an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 766  June 5 Meeting) THE FOLLOWING PERSONS APPEARED AND SPOKE: Proponents: Jennifer Taylor, representing Ambassador Apartments, LLC, 6459 Cuming Street Mike Whaley, representing Dundee Bank, 1500 Omaha Tower Protestants: Patrick Betterman, representing James Merrick, 3628 North 163 rd Plaza Michael Corrado, Corrado Construction, 1605 South 94th Street Lazell Rich, 4818 Spaulding Street Jason Plog, 105 South 9th Street, #416 Elder Pena, 1605 North 214th Street Justin Rybin, Rybin Construction, 17709 Edna Street For the City: Paul Kratz, City Attorney CCID # 766  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for June 19, 2012 as per City Charter requirements. "PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII D THE PUBLIC HEARINGS ON AGENDA ITEM NOS. 53 THROUGH 56 SHALL BE HELD ON THE THIRD READING"

ZONING ORDINANCES ON FIRST READING and Planning Board Attachments


# 2012-06-19

Item 34

Ord. to approve the Ambassador Apartments, LLC, **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Agreement to implement the Ambassador Apartments, LLC. **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Plan as approved by Resolution No. 133 on February 28, 2012 for the rehabilitation and redevelopment of the vacant historical 32,045 sq. ft. building / located at 111 South 49th Avenue in Omaha, Nebraska for the construction of the Ambassador Apartments; to approve the Ambassador Apartments, LLC. **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Loan Agreement which contemplates and authorizes the use of **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) in the amount of **$513,500.00,** which includes **$10,000.00** of the **TIF** allocation for the area public improvement fund, to redevelop the project site for the construction of the Ambassador Apartments; and to provide an effective date  see attached. (See Doc. # 766  June 5 and June 12 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on June 12 published in the Daily Record on June 8, 2012. Ordinance passed on June 19, 2012 published in the Daily Record on June 27, 2012. CCID # 766 - Motion by Festersen that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Stothert ROLL CALL: Yeas: Thompson, Festersen, Gernandt, Gray, Jerram, Stothert, Mr. President ORDINANCE # 39368  PASSED 7-0 (a) Documentation submitted by W. Patrick Betterman, attorney representing Omaha Social Capital, LLC and James D. Merrick, re: the Ambassador Apartments **TIF** Application  see attached. # 766  From Chair on File

((MOTION NEEDED THAT THE ORDINANCES ON THE CONSENT AGENDA BE PASSED)) * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

(The public hearings on Agenda Item Nos. 35 through 52 are today. If you wish to address the City Council regarding these items, please come to the microphone, indicate the Agenda Item Number you wish to address, identify yourself by your name, address, who you represent, and if you are a proponent or opponent)

CONSENT AGENDA  RESOLUTIONS

Item 52

Res. that Mr. John Fullerton is hereby reappointed to serve as the City Council District No. 7 representative on the City of Omaha Cable Television Advisory Committee for a three-year term commencing July 24, 2012, and expiring July 23, 2015  see attached. Motion by Gray that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Stothert ROLL CALL: Yeas: Thompson, Festersen, Gernandt, Gray, Jerram, Stothert, Mr. President Res # 839  ADOPTED 7-0

((MOTION NEEDED THAT THE RESOLUTIONS ON THE CONSENT AGENDA BE ADOPTED))

* * * * * * * * * * * * *


"PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII H DUE TO NO MEETING BEING HELD JULY 10, 2012 AGENDA ITEM NO. 53 SHALL BE LAID OVER FOUR WEEKS TO JULY 17, 2012 FOR PUBLICATION AND PUBLIC HEARING" RESOLUTION 53. Res. that, the attached Menards, Inc / Menards Plaza **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan containing approximately 26.39-acres generally bounded by "L" Street on the north, floodway and 73rd Street on the southwest, and 72nd Street on the east that authorizes the City's participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** in an amount up to **$2,000,000.00** to offset the costs of site development and Other Public Improvements as may arise within the project plan area, and all of which comprise the sole use of **TIF**; containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  see attached. Notice of public hearing on July 10, 2012 published in the Daily Record and the Omaha World Herald on June 21, 2012 and June 28, 2012. CCID # 817  Over four weeks to July 17, 2012 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII H.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * "PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII D THE PUBLIC HEARINGS ON AGENDA ITEM NOS. 54 THROUGH 57 SHALL BE HELD ON THE THIRD READING" ZONING ORDINANCES ON SECOND READING 54. Ord. to rezone property located Southeast of 178th and Pacific Streets from R4Single-Family Residential District (High Density) to R6-Low-Density MultipleFamily Residential District. (See Doc. # 790  June 12 Meeting) CCID # 790  ORDINANCE ON SECOND READING  Final reading to be held on June 26, 2012 as per City Charter requirements.



# 2012-06-26

Item 39

Res. that the attached Victory Apartments, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for the redevelopment project site located at 819 Dorcas Street to completely rehabilitate the interior of the six-story structure to build-out offices on the bottom two floors of the building and 80 residential units on the remaining top floors targeted for at-risk U.S. Military Veterans, recommending the City's participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** in an amount up to **$715,000.00** to offset the costs of acquisition, rehabilitation, architectural and engineering, and also includes **$10,000.00** of the **TIF** allocation towards public improvements along the 10 th Street Corridor, but is subject to change as final costs come in, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  over from 6/5/12 for publication and public hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 735  June 5 Meeting) Bridget Hadley, Planning Department, appeared and spoke. Motion by Gray that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Festersen ROLL CALL: Yeas: Festersen, Gernandt, Gray, Jerram, Stothert, Thompson, Mr. President Res # 735  ADOPTED 7-0

Item 40

Res. that the attached The Nottingham at Gifford Park **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for the redevelopment project site located at 3304 Burt Street proposes to rehabilitate the building, which consists of 32 market-rate units, and parking area, recommending the City's participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** in an amount up to **$535,349.00** to offset the costs of acquisition, rehabilitation, architectural and engineering, and also includes **$10,000.00** of the **TIF** allocation toward public improvements, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  over from 6/5/12 for publication and public hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 764  June 5 Meeting) THE FOLLOWING PERSONS APPEARED AND SPOKE: Proponent: Jim Lang, Attorney for the applicant For the City: Bridget Hadley, Planning Department


Motion by Gray that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Gernandt ROLL CALL: Yeas: Festersen, Gernandt, Gray, Jerram, Stothert, Thompson, Mr. President Res # 764  ADOPTED 7-0

Item 41

Res. that the attached 3101 South 24th Street, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for the redevelopment project site  the historic Aksarben Beef Building  located at 3101 South 24th Street represents the adaptive reuse and rehabilitation of the historic building and proposes to convert the building into 20 apartment units for low-income housing  3 twobedroom units, 14 three-bedroom units and 3 four-bedroom units, recommending the City's participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** in an amount up to **$160,000.00** to offset the costs of acquisition, site work, demolition, rehabilitation costs, architectural and engineering, and public improvements, which includes **$15,000.00** of the **TIF** allocation for public improvements adjacent to and surrounding the project site, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  over from 6/5/12 for publication and public hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 765  June 5 Meeting) Bridget Hadley, Planning Department, appeared and spoke. Motion by Gernandt that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Gray ROLL CALL: Yeas: Festersen, Gernandt, Gray, Jerram, Stothert, Thompson, Mr. President Res # 765  ADOPTED 7-0


"PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII F AGENDA ITEM NO. 42 SHALL BE LAID OVER THREE WEEKS FOR PUBLICATION AND PUBLIC HEARING"

Item 42

Res. the attached North Omaha Senior Cottages Phase I **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for the redevelopment project site located at 5345 St. Richards Plaza: Duplex Addresses - 5447, 5449, 5455 & 5457 St. Richards Plaza proposes the new construction of 12, two-bedroom duplexes (24 units/cottages) for seniors on the north side of the campus, recommending the City's participation through the allocation of **tax increment financing** in an amount up to **$276,256.00** to offset costs of site work, architectural, surveying, environmental and engineering fees, and also includes **$10,000.00** of the **TIF** allocation towards public improvements, but is subject to change as final costs come in, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  see attached. Notice of public hearing on July 17, 2012 published in the Daily Record on June 29, 2012. CCID # 860  Over three weeks to July 17, 2012 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII F.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * "PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII D THE PUBLIC HEARING ON AGENDA ITEM NO. 43 SHALL BE HELD ON THE THIRD READING" ORDINANCES ON SECOND READING 43. Ord. to approve a Major Amendment to the Mixed Use District Development Agreement for Vintage Oaks to amend the Vintage Oaks Mixed Use Agreement to approve an updated site plan and updated agreement, located Northeast of 168th and Harrison Streets between the City of Omaha and Harrison Square, Inc., providing site development standards; and to provide for an effective date  see attached. (See Doc. # 818  June 19 Meeting) CCID # 818  ORDINANCE ON SECOND READING  Final reading to be held on July 3, 2012 as per City Charter requirements.

* * * * * * * * * * * * *

Item 64
ORDINANCES ON FIRST READING 64. Ord. to approve an Amendment to the Aksarben Apartments, LLC (an Affiliate of Broadmoor Development Company) **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Agreement approved by Ordinance No. 37837 on September 11, 2007 to remove the area legally described as Lot 2, Aksarben Village Replat 3 from that plan area, to remove four rental townhouse units and sixty-nine 3-story townhomes from the Plan, and to reduce the originally approved **TIF** Loan from **$5,000,000.00** to **$3,500,000.00**; to approve the Aksarben Apartments II, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Loan Agreement between the City of Omaha and Aksarben Apartments II, LLC to develop the Aksarben Apartments II, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan, which contemplates the use of **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) in the amount of **$2,500,000.00** to redevelop the project site located at 2121 South 64th Plaza into 148 new efficiency, one and two-bedroom apartment units with enclosed parking garages; and providing for an effective date  see attached. CCID # 881  Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on July 3, 2012 as per City Charter requirements.


# 2012-07-03

Item 41
RESOLUTION 41. Res. that the attached TD Ameritrade HOTC Building **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan is generally bound by 114th Street on the west to the west side of Lamp Park, Pacific Street on the south, West Dodge Road on the north and I-680 E on the east proposes the repaving and resurfacing of the street system in the commercial/office district areas, the construction of the pedestrian bridge and bicycle station or repair area all within the project plan area, all of which comprise the sole use of **TIF**; recommends the City's participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** in an amount up to **$5,048,875.00** to offset the costs of the roadway improvements in the commercial/office district areas, the pedestrian bridge and bicycle station or repair area all within the project plan area, and all of which comprise the sole use of **TIF**; containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  see attached. Notice of public hearing on July 24, 2012 published in the Daily Record on July 6, 2012. CCID # 912  Over three weeks to July 24, 2012 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII F.

* * * * * * * * * * * * *


"PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII H DUE TO NO MEETING BEING HELD JULY 10, 2012 THE THIRD READING AND PUBLIC HEARINGS ON AGENDA ITEM NOS. 42 THROUGH 47 SHALL BE HELD ON JULY 17, 2012"

Item 57

Ord. to approve an Amendment to the Aksarben Apartments, LLC (an Affiliate of Broadmoor Development Company) **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Agreement approved by Ordinance No. 37837 on September 11, 2007 to remove the area legally described as Lot 2, Aksarben Village Replat 3 from that plan area, to remove four rental townhouse units and sixty-nine 3-story townhomes from the Plan, and to reduce the originally approved **TIF** Loan from **$5,000,000.00** to **$3,500,000.00**; to approve the Aksarben Apartments II, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Loan Agreement between the City of Omaha and Aksarben Apartments II, LLC to develop the Aksarben Apartments II, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan, which contemplates the use of **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) in the amount of **$2,500,000.00** to redevelop the project site located at 2121 South 64th Plaza into 148 new efficiency, one and two-bedroom apartment units with enclosed parking garages; and providing for an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 881  June 26 Meeting) Bridget Hadley, Planning Department, appeared and spoke. CCID # 881  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for July 17, 2012 pursuant to City Council Rule VII H.


Item 63

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and United States Cold Storage, Inc, a New Jersey Corporation to implement the United States Cold Storage (USCS), Inc **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan proposed for the site located at 4302 S 30th Street, Omaha, NE which contemplates and authorizes the phased demolition of the current facilities, public improvements, site development, the conversion, rehabilitation and redevelopment of the entire site for the new USCS freezer warehouse and distribution facilities; the Agreement authorizes the use of **$4,899,825.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. CCID # 920  Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on July 17, 2012 pursuant to City Council Rule VII H.


# 2012-07-17

Item 36

Ord. to approve an Amendment to the Aksarben Apartments, LLC (an Affiliate of Broadmoor Development Company) **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Agreement approved by Ordinance No. 37837 on September 11, 2007 to remove the area legally described as Lot 2, Aksarben Village Replat 3 from that plan area, to remove four rental townhouse units and sixty-nine 3-story townhomes from the Plan, and to reduce the originally approved **TIF** Loan from **$5,000,000.00** to **$3,500,000.00**; to approve the Aksarben Apartments II, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Loan Agreement between the City of Omaha and Aksarben Apartments II, LLC to develop the Aksarben Apartments II, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan, which contemplates the use of **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) in the amount of **$2,500,000.00** to redevelop the project site located at 2121 South 64th Plaza into 148 new efficiency, one and two-bedroom apartment units with enclosed parking garages; and providing for an effective date  see attached. (See Doc. # 881  June 26 and July 3 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on July 3, 2012 published in the Daily Record on June 29, 2012. Ordinance passed July 17, 2012 published in the Daily Record on July 25, 2012. CCID # 881 - Motion by Gray that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Stothert ROLL CALL: Yeas: Gray, Jerram, Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Gernandt, Mr. President ORDINANCE # 39386  PASSED 7-0

((MOTION NEEDED THAT THE ORDINANCE ON THE CONSENT AGENDA BE PASSED))

* * * * * * * * * * * * * *

(The public hearings on Agenda Item Nos. 37 through 47 are today. If you wish to address the City Council regarding these items, please come to the microphone, indicate the Agenda Item Number you wish to address, identify yourself by your name, address, who you represent, and if you are a proponent or opponent)


CONSENT AGENDA  RESOLUTIONS

Item 58
RESOLUTIONS 58. Res. that, the attached Menards, Inc / Menards Plaza **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan containing approximately 26.39-acres generally bounded by "L" Street on the north, floodway and 73rd Street on the southwest, and 72nd Street on the east that authorizes the City's participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** in an amount up to **$2,000,000.00** to offset the costs of site development and Other Public Improvements as may arise within the project plan area, and all of which comprise the sole use of **TIF**; containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  over from 6/19/12 for publication and public hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 817  June 19 Meeting) Ken Johnson, Planning Department, appeared and spoke. Motion by Stothert that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Festersen ROLL CALL: Yeas: Gray, Jerram, Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Gernandt, Mr. President Res # 817  ADOPTED 7-0

Item 59

Res. the attached North Omaha Senior Cottages Phase I **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for the redevelopment project site located at 5345 St. Richards Plaza: Duplex Addresses - 5447, 5449, 5455 & 5457 St. Richards Plaza proposes the new construction of 12, two-bedroom duplexes (24 units/cottages) for seniors on the north side of the campus, recommending the City's participation through the allocation of **tax increment financing** in an amount up to **$276,256.00** to offset costs of site work, architectural, surveying, environmental and engineering fees, and also includes **$10,000.00** of the **TIF** allocation towards public improvements, but is subject to change as final costs come in, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  over from 6/26/12 for publication and public hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 860  June 26 Meeting) Bridget Hadley, Planning Department, appeared and spoke. Motion by Gray that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Festersen ROLL CALL: Yeas: Gray, Jerram, Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Gernandt, Mr. President Res # 860  ADOPTED 7-0 "PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII D THE PUBLIC HEARINGS ON AGENDA ITEM NOS. 60 THROUGH 63 SHALL BE HELD ON THE THIRD READING"

Item 64

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and United States Cold Storage, Inc, a New Jersey Corporation to implement the United States Cold Storage (USCS), Inc **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan proposed for the site located at 4302 S 30th Street, Omaha, NE which contemplates and authorizes the phased demolition of the current facilities, public improvements, site development, the conversion, rehabilitation and redevelopment of the entire site for the new USCS freezer warehouse and distribution facilities; the Agreement authorizes the use of **$4,899,825.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 920  July 3 Meeting) Ken Johnson, Planning Department, appeared and spoke. CCID # 920  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for July 24, 2012 as per City Charter requirements.


Item 76

Ord. to approve the Menard, Inc, **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Agreement to implement the, Menard, Inc **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Plan approved on July 17, 2012 for the rehabilitation and redevelopment of the vacant redevelopment site known as Menards Plaza at 72n d and "L" Streets addressed as 4726 South 72n d Street and 7337 "L" Street for the development and construction of Menards Plaza; to approve the Menard, Inc **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Loan Agreement which contemplates and authorizes the use of **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) in the amount of **$2,000,000.00,** to assist in the redevelopment of the project site for the development and construction of Menards Plaza at 72nd and "L" Streets; and to provide an effective date  see attached. CCID # 965  Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on July 24, 2012 as per City Charter requirements.


# 2012-07-24

Item 24

CLASS "I"  Smashburger Acquisition-Omaha, LLC, dba "Smashburger", 12330 "K" Plaza, Suite 101. New application, New location. Property posted: 07 -1212; Notification sent: 07-13-12 - see attached. ((YOU HAVE YOUR HEARING ON THE APPLICATION BUT YOUR MOTION SHOULD BE TO ADOPT A RESOLUTION EITHER TO GRANT OR DENY)) Robert Yoder, General Manager, Smashburger, 7204 Jones Street, appeared and spoke. Motion by Thompson that the Resolution to GRANT be adopted Seconded by Gray ROLL CALL: Yeas: Jerram, Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Gernandt, Gray, Mr. President Res # 979  ADOPTED 7-0

CONSENT AGENDA

(Any member of the City Council may cause any item placed on the Consent Agenda to be removed there from. Items removed from the Consent Agenda shall be taken up by the City Council immediately following the Consent Agenda in the order in which they were removed unless otherwise taken out of order as otherwise provided by the City Council Rules of Order.) (The public hearings on Agenda Item Nos. 25 through 27 were held on July 17, 2012.) CONSENT AGENDA  ORDINANCES 25. Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and United States Cold Storage, Inc, a New Jersey Corporation to implement the United States Cold Storage (USCS), Inc **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan proposed for the site located at 4302 S 30th Street, Omaha, NE which contemplates and authorizes the phased demolition of the current facilities, public improvements, site development, the conversion, rehabilitation and redevelopment of the entire site for the new USCS freezer warehouse and distribution facilities; the Agreement authorizes the use of **$4,899,825.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. (See Doc. # 920  July 3 and July 17 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on July 17, 2012 published in the Daily Record on July 6, 2012. Ordinance passed July 24, 2012 published in the Daily Record on August 1, 2012.


CCID # 920 - Motion by Gray that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Festersen ROLL CALL: Yeas: Jerram, Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Gernandt, Gray, Mr. President ORDINANCE # 39400  PASSED 7-0

Item 40

Res. that the attached TD Ameritrade HOTC Building **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan is generally bound by 114th Street on the west to the west side of Lamp Park, Pacific Street on the south, West Dodge Road on the north and I-680 E on the east proposes the repaving and resurfacing of the street system in the commercial/office district areas, the construction of the pedestrian bridge and bicycle station or repair area all within the project plan area, all of which comprise the sole use of **TIF**; recommends the City's participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** in an amount up to **$5,048,875.00** to offset the costs of the roadway improvements in the commercial/office district areas, the pedestrian bridge and bicycle station or repair area all within the project plan area, and all of which comprise the sole use of **TIF**; containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  over from 7/3/12 for publication and public hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 912  July 3 Meeting) THE FOLLOWING PERSONS APPEARED AND SPOKE: Proponents: Rick Anderson, Attorney representing TD Ameritrade, 2120 South 72nd Street Protestants: Linda Ryan, 11130 Jackson Street Claude Couvillion, 815 South 113th Street Mike Ryan, 11130 Jackson Street Jack Dunn, Executive Director, Progressive Research Institute, 1214 North 34 Street Rob Haller, representing Spyglass Hill Homeowner's Association, 916 South 110th Street For the City: Rick Cunningham, Planning Director Bob Stubbe, Public Works Director Motion by Jerram that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Gray ROLL CALL: Yeas: Jerram, Festersen, Gernandt, Gray, Mr. President Nays: Stothert, Thompson Res # 912  ADOPTED 5-2 (a) Resolution No. 516 adopted by the Board of Commissioners, Douglas County, Nebraska, on July 10, 2012, encouraging the City of Omaha to deny the request of TD Ameritrade for **Tax Increment Financing** for the project near 114th and West Dodge Road  see attached. # 912  From Chair on File.

(b)

Communication opposing the Resolution to approve the TD Ameritrade HOTC Building **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan  see attached. # 912  From Chair on File

(c)

Document submitted by Mike Ryan, 11130 Jackson Street, opposing the Resolution to approve the TD Ameritrade HOTC Building **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan  see attached. # 912  From Chair on File "PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII D THE PUBLIC HEARINGS ON AGENDA ITEM NOS. 41 THROUGH 47 SHALL BE HELD ON THE THIRD READING"

Item 50

Ord. to approve the Menard, Inc, **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Agreement to implement the, Menard, Inc **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Plan approved on July 17, 2012 for the rehabilitation and redevelopment of the vacant redevelopment site known as Menards Plaza at 72n d and "L" Streets addressed as 4726 South 72n d Street and 7337 "L" Street for the development and construction of Menards Plaza; to approve the Menard, Inc **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Loan Agreement which contemplates and authorizes the use of **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) in the amount of **$2,000,000.00,** to assist in the redevelopment of the project site for the development and construction of Menards Plaza at 72nd and "L" Streets; and to provide an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 965  July 17 Meeting)


THE FOLLOWING PERSONS APPEARED AND SPOKE: Proponent: Walter Peffer, representing Menards, P. J. Morgan Company, 7801 Wakeley Plaza Protestant: Mike Ryan, 11130 Jackson Street For the City: Ken Johnson, Planning Department CCID # 965  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for July 31, 2012 as per City Charter requirements.


# 2012-07-31

Item 51
ORDINANCE ON FINAL READING 51. Ord. to approve the Menard, Inc, **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Agreement to implement the, Menard, Inc **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Plan approved on July 17, 2012 for the rehabilitation and redevelopment of the vacant redevelopment site known as Menards Plaza at 72n d and "L" Streets addressed as 4726 South 72n d Street and 7337 "L" Street for the development and construction of Menards Plaza; to approve the Menard, Inc **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Loan Agreement which contemplates and authorizes the use of **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) in the amount of **$2,000,000.00,** to assist in the redevelopment of the project site for the development and construction of Menards Plaza at 72nd and "L" Streets; and to provide an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING HELD 7/24/12  CAN BE PASSED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 965  July 17 and July 24 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on July 24, 2012 published in the Daily Record on July 20, 2012. Ordinance passed on July 31, 2012 published in the Daily Record on August 8, 2012. CCID # 965  Ordinance read Motion by Gernandt that the Ordinance be PASSED AS AMENDED Seconded by Gray ROLL CALL: Yeas: Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Gernandt, Gray, Jerram, Mr. President ORDINANCE # 39414  PASSED AS AMENDED 7-0 (a) Amendment requested by the Planning Department  see attached. # 965  Motion by Gernandt that the Amendment be approved Seconded by Gray ROLL CALL: Yeas: Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Gernandt, Gray, Jerram, Mr. President Motion Carried 7-0

"PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII H DUE TO NO MEETING BEING HELD AUGUST 7, 2012 THE THIRD READING AND PUBLIC HEARING ON AGENDA ITEM NO. 52 SHALL BE HELD ON AUGUST 14, 2012"

ZONING ORDINANCE ON SECOND READING


# 2012-08-14

Item 44
RESOLUTIONS 44. Res. that the City Council hereby objects to Mayor Jim Suttle's awarding of salary increases to some members of his staff and cabinet which resulted in the salaries of the staff and cabinet members exceeding the amounts proposed by the Mayor and approved by the City Council in the 2012 budget; and, further resolved, that the City Council calls upon the Mayor to advise the City Council and also to publicly disclose any future salary increases for his staff or cabinet members in advance of such increases to demonstrate that transparency in government is the highest of priorities and restore the public's confidence in its public officials  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) THE FOLLOWING PERSONS APPEARED AND SPOKE: Proponent: Brad Stevens, Nebraska Chapter of Americans for Prosperity, 13216 Cottner Street For the City: Paul Kratz, City Attorney Motion by Thompson that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Stothert ROLL CALL: Yeas: Thompson, Festersen, Gernandt, Gray, Jerram, Stothert, Mr. President Res # 1091  ADOPTED 7-0 "PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII H DUE TO NO MEETING BEIND HELD SEPTEMBER 4, 2012 AGENDA ITEM NOS. 45 THROUGH 46 SHALL BE LAID OVER FOUR WEEKS TO SEPTEMBER 11, 2012 FOR PUBLICATION AND PUBLIC HEARING" 45. Res. that, the attached The Federal Office Building **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for the redevelopment project site located at 106 South 15th Street which contemplates the adaptive re-use and conversion of the historic, former Federal Office Building into a Residence Inn by Marriott in addition to improvements to Omaha Park One, recommending the City's participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** in an amount up to **$2,418,718.00** to offset costs of acquisition, rehabilitation, site work, architectural, surveying, environmental and engineering, and any public improvements, and also includes **$20,000.00** of the **TIF** allocation towards public improvements, but is subject to change as final costs come in, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 182150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  see attached. Notice of public hearing on September 11, 2012 published in the Daily Record on August 17, 2012. CCID # 1055  Over four weeks to September 11, 2012 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII H.

Item 46

Res. that, the attached the NFM Office Building **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for the redevelopment project site located at 808 South 74th Plaza and 727 South 75th Street represents the rehabilitation of an approximately 44,000 square feet, 2-story, vacant office building to provide space for approximately 176 new, fulltime accounting and information technology jobs, and to replace a pedestrian bridge over the Papio Creek, recommending the City's participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** in an amount up to **$886,520.00** to offset costs of acquisition, rehabilitation and public infrastructure improvements, but is subject to change as final costs come in, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  see attached. Notice of public hearing on September 11, 2012 published in the Daily Record on August 17, 2012. CCID # 1056  Over four weeks to September 11, 2012 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII H.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * "PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII D THE PUBLIC HEARINGS ON AGENDA ITEM NOS. 47 THROUGH 48 SHALL BE HELD ON THE THIRD READING"

ORDINANCES ON SECOND READING and Planning Board Attachments


# 2012-08-21

Item 32

Res. that, the attached The Lerner Building **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for the redevelopment project site located at 325 South 16th Street which represents the adaptive re-use and conversion of the former Lerner Building into a mixed-use redevelopment project comprised of commercial and residential uses, recommending the City's participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** in an amount up to **$1,000,172.00** to offset costs of acquisition, rehabilitation costs, site prep, architectural and engineering fees, and any public improvements, which includes **$20,000.00** of the **TIF** allocation for public improvements along 16 th Street, but is subject to change as final costs come in, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  see attached. CCID # 1119  Over three weeks to September 11, 2012 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VIIF.


Item 33

Res. that, the attached McDonald's USA, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for the new McDonald's USA, LLC restaurant, with an estimated total project cost of **$2,311,009.00,** located at 2410 Cuming Street, including the City's participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** in an amount up to **$200,000.00** to offset the costs of public improvements, site development, demolition, architectural and engineering fees and the cost of the dedication of private property for streetscape, landscape and Public Monument signage plans being implemented by the City along North 24th Street, and containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as prepared by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  see attached. CCID # 1120  Over three weeks to September 11, 2012 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VIIF.

* * * * * * * * * * * * *

"PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII D THE PUBLIC HEARINGS ON AGENDA ITEM NOS. 34 THROUGH 44 SHALL BE HELD ON THE THIRD READING"


# 2012-08-28

Item 71

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and TD Ameritrade Services Company, Inc., a Delaware Corporation to implement TD Ameritrade HOTC Building **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan within the project plan area generally bounded by 114th Street on the west, the west side of Lamp Park and following the west side of Big Papillion Creek to I-680 E on the south, West Dodge Road on the north, and I-680 E on the east, inclusive of 200 and 330 South 108th Avenue for the sole purpose of funding public infrastructure and improvements such as streets, a pedestrian bridge and a type of bicycle station yet to be determined and any costs related to the feasibility study for, and the design, construction, and financing of those public infrastructure and improvements within the project plan area; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$5,048,875.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to solely fund the cost of the public infrastructure and improvements; and providing for an effective date  see attached. CCID # 1163  Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on September 11, 2012 pursuant to City Council Rule VII H.


# 2012-09-11

Item 71

Res. that, the attached The Federal Office Building **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for the redevelopment project site located at 106 South 15th Street which contemplates the adaptive re-use and conversion of the historic, former Federal Office Building into a Residence Inn by Marriott in addition to improvements to Omaha Park One, recommending the City's participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** in an amount up to **$2,418,718.00** to offset costs of acquisition, rehabilitation, site work, architectural, surveying, environmental and engineering, and any public improvements, and also includes **$20,000.00** of the **TIF** allocation towards public improvements, but is subject to change as final costs come in, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 182150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  over from 8/14/12 for publication and public hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1055  August 14 Meeting) THE FOLLOWING PERSONS APPEARED AND SPOKE: Proponent: Claude Couvillion, 815 South 113th Street Protestants: Mike Ryan, 11130 Jackson Street Jack Dunn, Executive Director, Progressive Research Institute, 1214 North 34th Street For the City: Bridget Hadley, Planning Department Motion by Gray that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Festersen ROLL CALL: Yeas: Gray, Jerram, Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Gernandt, Mr. President Res # 1055  ADOPTED 7-0


(a)

Document submitted by Councilmember Jerram re: **Tax Increment Financing** Projects  see attached. # 1055  From Chair on File

Item 72

Res. that, the attached the NFM Office Building **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for the redevelopment project site located at 808 South 74th Plaza and 727 South 75th Street represents the rehabilitation of an approximately 44,000 square feet, 2-story, vacant office building to provide space for approximately 176 new, fulltime accounting and information technology jobs, and to replace a pedestrian bridge over the Papio Creek, recommending the City's participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** in an amount up to **$886,520.00** to offset costs of acquisition, rehabilitation and public infrastructure improvements, but is subject to change as final costs come in, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  over from 8/14/12 for publication and public hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1056  August 14 Meeting) THE FOLLOWING PERSONS APPEARED AND SPOKE: Proponents: Larry Jobeun, representing the applicant, 11440 West Center Road Claude Couvillion, 815 South 113th Street Protestants: Mike Ryan, 11130 Jackson Street Linda Ryan, 11130 Jackson Street Jack Dunn, Executive Director, Progressive Research Institute, 1214 North 34th Street For the City: Bridget Hadley, Planning Department Rick Cunningham, Planning Director Motion by Gray that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Festersen ROLL CALL: Yeas: Gray, Jerram, Stothert, Festersen, Gernandt, Mr. President Nay: Thompson Res # 1056  ADOPTED 6-1 (a) Document submitted by Councilmember Jerram re: **Tax Increment Financing** Projects  see attached. # 1056  From Chair on File


Item 73

Res. that, the attached The Lerner Building **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for the redevelopment project site located at 325 South 16th Street which represents the adaptive re-use and conversion of the former Lerner Building into a mixed-use redevelopment project comprised of commercial and residential uses, recommending the City's participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** in an amount up to **$1,000,172.00** to offset costs of acquisition, rehabilitation costs, site prep, architectural and engineering fees, and any public improvements, which includes **$20,000.00** of the **TIF** allocation for public improvements along 16 th Street, but is subject to change as final costs come in, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  over from 8/21/12 for publication and public hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1119  August 21 Meeting) THE FOLLOWING PERSONS APPEARED AND SPOKE: Proponent: Ted Seldin, Chairman, Seldin Company Protestants: Mike Ryan, 11130 Jackson Street Claude Couvillion, 815 South 113th Street Jack Dunn, Executive Director, Progressive Research Institute, 1214 North 34th Street For the City: Bridget Hadley, Planning Department Rick Cunningham, Planning Director Motion by Jerram that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Festersen ROLL CALL: Yeas: Gray, Jerram, Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Gernandt, Mr. President Res # 1119  ADOPTED 7-0 (a) Document submitted by Councilmember Jerram re: **Tax Increment Financing** Projects  see attached. # 1119  From Chair on File


Item 74

Res. that, the attached McDonald's USA, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for the new McDonald's USA, LLC restaurant, with an estimated total project cost of **$2,311,009.00,** located at 2410 Cuming Street, including the City's participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** in an amount up to **$200,000.00** to offset the costs of public improvements, site development, demolition, architectural and engineering fees and the cost of the dedication of private property for streetscape, landscape and Public Monument signage plans being implemented by the City along North 24th Street, and containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as prepared by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  over from 8/21/12 for publication and public hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1120  August 21 Meeting) THE FOLLOWING PERSONS APPEARED AND SPOKE: Protestants: Mike Ryan, 11130 Jackson Street Linda Ryan, 11130 Jackson Street Claude Couvillion, 815 South 113th Street Jack Dunn, Executive Director, Progressive Research Institute, 1214 North 34th Street For the City: Ken Johnson, Planning Department Motion by Gray that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Festersen ROLL CALL: Yeas: Gray, Jerram, Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Gernandt, Mr. President Res # 1120  ADOPTED 7-0 (a) Document submitted by Councilmember Jerram re: **Tax Increment Financing** Projects  see attached. # 1120  From Chair on File


"PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII D THE PUBLIC HEARING ON AGENDA ITEM NO. 75 SHALL BE HELD ON THE THIRD READING"

Item 78

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and TD Ameritrade Services Company, Inc., a Delaware Corporation to implement TD Ameritrade HOTC Building **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan within the project plan area generally bounded by 114th Street on the west, the west side of Lamp Park and following the west side of Big Papillion Creek to I-680 E on the south, West Dodge Road on the north, and I-680 E on the east, inclusive of 200 and 330 South 108th Avenue for the sole purpose of funding public infrastructure and improvements such as streets, a pedestrian bridge and a type of bicycle station yet to be determined and any costs related to the feasibility study for, and the design, construction, and financing of those public infrastructure and improvements within the project plan area; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$5,048,875.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to solely fund the cost of the public infrastructure and improvements; and providing for an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1163  August 28 Meeting) THE FOLLOWING PERSONS APPEARED AND SPOKE: Proponent: Richard Anderson, 2120 South 72nd Street Protestants: Linda Ryan, 11130 Jackson Street Claude Couvillion, 815 South 113th Street Mike Ryan, 11130 Jackson Street For the City: Bob Stubbe, Public Works Director


CCID # 1163  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for September 18, 2012 as per City Charter requirements. (a) Communications opposing the Ordinance to approve a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and TD Ameritrade Services Company, Inc.  see attached. # 1163  From Chair on File

Item 92

Ord. to approve the MCDONALD'S USA, LLC, **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Agreement implementing the McDonald's USA, LLC. **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Plan as approved by Resolution No.____ on September 11, 2012 for the rehabilitation and redevelopment of the site located at 2410 Cuming in Omaha, Nebraska for the construction of a new MCDONALD'S Restaurant and the dedication of right -of-way for streetscaping

and Public Monument signage as provided by the City; to approve the MCDONALD'S USA, LLC. **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Loan Agreement which contemplates and authorizes the use of **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) in the amount of **$200,000.00** to redevelop the project site for the construction of the MCDONALD'S USA, LLC drive in Restaurant including public improvements and to provide an effective date  see attached. CCID # 1233  Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on September 18, 2012 as per City Charter requirements.

Item 93

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and Victory Apartments, L.L.C., a Nebraska limited liability company to implement Victory Apartments, L.L.C., **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan at the project site located at 825 Dorcas Street; the plan proposes to completely rehabilitate the interior of the sixstory structure to build-out offices and residential units; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$715,000.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the redevelopment to help offset the costs of acquisition, rehabilitation, architectural and engineering, and also includes **$10,000.00** of the **TIF** allocation towards public improvements along the 10th Street Corridor; and providing for an effective date  see attached. CCID # 1234  Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on September 18, 2012 as per City Charter requirements.


# 2012-09-18

Item 39
ORDINANCE ON FINAL READING 39. Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and TD Ameritrade Services Company, Inc., a Delaware Corporation to implement TD Ameritrade HOTC Building **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan within the project plan area generally bound by 114th Street on the west, the west side of Lamp Park and following the west side of Big Papillion Creek to I-680 E on the south, West Dodge Road on the north, and I-680 E on the east, inclusive of 200 and 330 South 108th Avenue for the purpose of funding public infrastructure and improvements such as streets, a pedestrian bridge, and a type of bicycle station yet to be determined and any costs related to the feasibility study for, and the design, construction, and financing of those public infrastructure and improvements within the project plan area; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$5,048,875.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to solely fund the cost of the public infrastructure and improvements; and providing for an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING HELD 9/11/12  CAN BE PASSED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1163  August 28 and September 11 Meeting) Notice of public hearing on September 11, 2012 published in the Daily Record on August 31, 2012. Ordinance passed September 18, 2012 published in the Daily Record on September 26, 2012. CCID # 1163 - Motion by Jerram that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Gray ROLL CALL: Yeas: Jerram, Festersen, Gernandt, Gray, Mr. President Nays: Stothert, Thompson ORDINANCE # 39456  PASSED 5-2 (a) Communications opposing the Ordinance to approve a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and TD Ameritrade Services Company, Inc.  over from 9/11/12  see attached. (See Doc. # 1163  September 11 Meeting) # 1163  From Chair on File (b) Communications opposing the Ordinance to approve a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and TD Ameritrade Services Company, Inc  see attached. # 1163  From Chair on File


"PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII D THE PUBLIC HEARINGS ON AGENDA ITEM NOS. 40 THROUGH 44 SHALL BE HELD ON THE THIRD READING"

ZONING ORDINANCES ON SECOND READING

Item 47

Ord. to approve the MCDONALD'S USA, LLC, **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Agreement implementing the McDonald's USA, LLC. **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Plan as approved by Resolution No.1120 on September 11, 2012 for the rehabilitation and redevelopment of the site located at 2410 Cuming in Omaha, Nebraska for the construction of a new MCDONALD'S Restaurant and the dedication of right-of-way for streetscaping and Public Monument signage as provided by the City; to approve the MCDONALD'S USA, LLC. **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Loan Agreement which contemplates and authorizes the use of **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) in the amount of **$200,000.00** to redevelop the project site for the construction of the MCDONALD'S USA, LLC drive in Restaurant including public improvements and to provide an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1233  September 11 Meeting) Ken Johnson, Planning Department, appeared and spoke. CCID # 1233  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for September 25, 2012 as per City Charter requirements.

Item 48

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and Victory Apartments, L.L.C., a Nebraska limited liability company to implement Victory Apartments, L.L.C., **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan at the project site located at 825 Dorcas Street; the plan proposes to completely rehabilitate the interior of the sixstory structure to build-out offices and residential units; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$715,000.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the redevelopment to help offset the costs of acquisition, rehabilitation, architectural and engineering, and also includes **$10,000.00** of the **TIF** allocation towards public improvements along the 10th Street Corridor; and providing for an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1234  September 11 Meeting) Bridget Hadley, Planning Department, appeared and spoke. CCID # 1234  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for September 25, 2012 as per City Charter requirements.



# 2012-09-25

Item 24

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and Victory Apartments, L.L.C., a Nebraska limited liability company to implement Victory Apartments, L.L.C., **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan at the project site located at 825 Dorcas Street; the plan proposes to completely rehabilitate the interior of the sixstory structure to build-out offices and residential units; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$715,000.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the redevelopment to help offset the costs of acquisition, rehabilitation, architectural and engineering, and also includes **$10,000.00** of the **TIF** allocation towards public improvements along the 10th Street Corridor; and providing for an effective date  see attached. (See Doc. # 1234  September 11 and September 18 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on September 18, 2012 published in the Daily Record on September 14, 2012. Ordinance passed September 25, 2012 published in the Daily Record on October 3, 2012. CCID # 1234 - Motion by Gray that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Jerram ROLL CALL: Yeas: Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Gernandt, Gray, Jerram, Mr. President ORDINANCE # 39464  PASSED 7-0

Item 30

Res. that the appointment by Mayor Jim Suttle of Anne M. Meysenburg as a nonprofit visual arts representative of the Public Art Commission to serve the remainder of a three-year term commencing upon confirmation by the City Council, and expiring January 25, 2013, is hereby confirmed and approved  see attached. Motion by Gray that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Stothert ROLL CALL: Yeas: Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Gernandt, Gray, Jerram, Mr. President Res # 1302  ADOPTED 7-0

((MOTION NEEDED THAT THE RESOLUTIONS ON THE CONSENT AGENDA BE ADOPTED))

* * * * * * * * * * * * *


ORDINANCE ON FINAL READING Ord. to approve the MCDONALD'S USA, LLC, **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Agreement implementing the McDonald's USA, LLC. **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Plan as approved by Resolution No.1120 on September 11, 2012 for the rehabilitation and redevelopment of the site located at 2410 Cuming in Omaha, Nebraska for the construction of a new MCDONALD'S Restaurant and the dedication of right-of-way for streetscaping and Public Monument signage as provided by the City; to approve the MCDONALD'S USA, LLC. **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Loan Agreement which contemplates and authorizes the use of **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) in the amount of **$200,000.00** to redevelop the project site for the construction of the MCDONALD'S USA, LLC drive in Restaurant including public improvements and to provide an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING HELD 9/18/12  CAN BE PASSED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1233  September 11 and September 18 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on September 18, 2012 published in the Daily Record on September 14, 2012. Ordinance passed September 25, 2012 published in the Daily Record on October 3, 2012. CCID # 1233  Ordinance read Motion by Gray that the Ordinance be PASSED AS AMENDED Seconded by Stothert ROLL CALL: Yeas: Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Gernandt, Gray, Jerram, Mr. President ORDINANCE # 39466  PASSED AS AMENDED 7-0 (a) Amendment requested by the Planning Department  see attached. # 1233  Motion by Gray that the Amendment be approved Seconded by Stothert ROLL CALL: Yeas: Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Gernandt, Gray, Jerram, Mr. President Motion Carried 7-0

Item 33

Res. that, the attached 50th & Ames Avenue Wal-Mart **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for the redevelopment project site located at 5018 Ames Avenue which contemplates demolishing the former Baker's Supermarket building and constructing a new 178,748 square foot full-service, supercenter Wal-Mart retail store inclusive of additional surface parking, and public infrastructure and improvements, recommending the City's participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** in an amount up to **$2,223,556.00** to offset costs of acquisition, site work, architectural and engineering fees, surveys and environmental and public improvements, but is subject to change as final costs come in, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  see attached. Notice of public hearing on October 16, 2012 published in the Daily Record on September 28, 2012. CCID # 1296  Over three weeks to October 16, 2012 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII F.

* * * * * * * * * * * * *


"PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII D THE PUBLIC HEARING ON AGENDA ITEM NO. 34 SHALL BE HELD ON THE THIRD READING"


# 2012-10-16

Item 38
RESOLUTION 38. Res. that, the attached 50th & Ames Avenue Wal-Mart **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for the redevelopment project site located at 5018 Ames Avenue which contemplates demolishing the former Baker's Supermarket building and constructing a new 178,748 square foot full-service, supercenter Wal-Mart retail store inclusive of additional surface parking, and public infrastructure and improvements, recommending the City's participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** in an amount up to **$2,223,556.00** to offset costs of acquisition, site work, architectural and engineering fees, surveys and environmental and public improvements, but is subject to change as final costs come in, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  over from 9/25/12 for publication and public hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1296  September 25 Meeting) Larry Jobeun, representing Wal-Mart, 11440 West Center Road, appeared and spoke. Motion by Gray that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Stothert ROLL CALL: Yeas: Festersen, Gernandt, Gray, Jerram, Stothert, Mr. President Absent: Thompson Res # 1296  ADOPTED 6-0 (a) Documents submitted by John J. Dunn, Progressive Research Institute of Nebraska, re: the Resolution to approve the 50th & Ames Avenue Wal-Mart **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan  see attached. # 1296  From Chair on File

ORDINANCE ON SECOND READING and Planning Board Attachment 39. Ord. extending the limits of the City of Omaha over certain land in Douglas County, Nebraska, and incorporating the same into and making the same a part of the City of Omaha and to provide the effective date hereof, located at 2240 North Main Street including the adjacent Blondo Street right-of-way and Elk Hills Subdivision (SID 553)  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1330  October 2 Meeting) Bridget Hadley, Planning Department, appeared and spoke.


CCID # 1330  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for October 23, 2012 as per City Charter requirement. (a) Planning Board and Planning Department recommend approval of the Annexation of Elk Hills Subdivision (SID 553), 2240 North Main Street and the adjacent Blondo Street right-of-way  see attached. (See Doc. # 1330  October 2 Meeting) # 1330  Over to 10/23/12


# 2012-10-23

Item 76

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and First OFB, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company to implement Federal Office Building **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan at the project site located at 106 South 15th Street; the plan contemplates the adaptive re-use and conversion of the historic, former Federal Office Building into a Residence Inn by Marriott; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$2,418,718.00.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. CCID # 1438  Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on October 30, 2012 as per City Charter requirements.


# 2012-10-30

Item 48

Res. that, the attached The Gavilon Group, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for the redevelopment project site located at 1334 Dodge Street which represents the relocation of the corporate headquarters of a local, downtown firm, which entails the new construction of an architecturally significant, 131,225 gross square foot office building, complete with 205 structured parking stalls, recommending the City's participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** in an amount up to **$3,942,000.00** to offset costs of acquisition, rehabilitation costs, site work, architectural and engineering, surveys and environmental and any public improvements, which also includes **$20,000.00** of the **TIF** allocation toward the Downtown Public Improvement fund, but is subject to change as final costs come in, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  see attached. Notice of public hearing on November 20, 2012 published in the Daily Record on November 2, 2012. CCID # 1457  Over three weeks to November 20, 2012 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII F.


Item 49

Res. that, the attached the Slate **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for the redevelopment project site located at 1815 Capitol Avenue & 1818 Dodge Street which contemplates the adaptive reuse and retrofitting of the 7-story Capitol Plaza Building (1815 Capitol Avenue) and the 1-story, "circular" shaped building, directly adjacent to the south (1818 Dodge Street) into a mix of 116 market-rate apartment units  one and two bedrooms, and a commercial space, recommending the City's participation through the allocation of Ta x Increment Financing in an amount up to **$2,250,000.00** to offset costs of acquisition, rehabilitation costs, site work, architectural and engineering, surveys and environmental and any public improvements, which also includes **$20,000.00** of the **TIF** allocation toward the Downtown Public Improvement Fund, but is subject to change as final costs come in, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  see attached. Notice of public hearing on November 20, 2012 published in the Daily Record on November 2, 2012. CCID # 1458  Over three weeks to November 20, 2012 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII F.

Item 50

Res. that, the attached The 2401 Farnam, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for the redevelopment project site located at 2401 and 2405 Farnam Streets which represents the adaptive reuse of the office and commercial space as mix of 7 one-bedroom and 5 two-bedroom market-rate apartments, secured parking in the vacant lot directly to the west of the building specifically for the residential tenants, the storefront on 24th and Farnam will remain commercial space and the basement will become renovated commercial space, recommending the City's participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** in an amount up to **$288,000.00** to offset costs of acquisition, rehabilitation costs, site work, architectural and engineering, surveys and environmental and any public improvements, which also includes **$20,000.00** of the **TIF** allocation toward the Downtown Public Improvement Fund, but is subject to change as final costs come in, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  see attached. Notice of public hearing on November 20, 2012 published in the Daily Record on November 2, 2012. CCID # 1459  Over three weeks to November 20, 2012 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII F.


Item 51

Res. that, the attached the Marriott Residence Inn at Aksarben Village **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for the redevelopment project site located at 67th & Shirley Street which is a continuation of the infill development within the Aksarben Village Redevelopment Area and contemplates the new construction of a 4-story, 120+ room Marriott Residence Inn hotel, recommending the City's participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** in an amount up to **$1,320,000.00** to offset costs of acquisition, site work, architectural, surveying, environmental and engineering, with **$690,000.00** of the **TIF** allocation being used for public improvements within the general Aksarben Village Area, but is subject to change as final costs come in, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  see attached. Notice of public hearing on November 20, 2012 published in the Daily Record on November 2, 2012. CCID # 1460  Over three weeks to November 20, 2012 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII F.

* * * * * * * * * * * * ORDINANCES ON FINAL READING 52. Ord. to amend Omaha Municipal Code Sec. 30-81; to exclude from the definition of "salvage dealer," a person who operates premises used to recycle concrete or reinforced concrete; to repeal Sec. 30-81 as heretofore existing; and to provide the effective date thereof  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING HELD 10/23/12  CAN BE PASSED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1279  October 16 and October 23 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on October 23, 2012 published in the Daily Record on October 19, 2012. Ordinance passed October 30, 2012 published in the Daily Record on November 7, 2012. Chad Weaver, Planning Department, appeared and spoke. CCID # 1279 - Motion by Gray that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Stothert ROLL CALL: Yeas: Gray, Jerram, Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Gernandt, Mr. President ORDINANCE # 39507  PASSED 7-0 (a) Document submitted by Steven Grasz, Attorney representing Conreco, Inc., re: the Ordinance to amend Omaha Municipal Code Sec. 30-81  over from 10/23/12  see attached. (See Doc. # 1279  October 23 Meeting) # 1279  From Chair on File

Item 55

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and First OFB, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company to implement Federal Office Building **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan at the project site located at 106 South 15th Street; the plan contemplates the adaptive re-use and conversion of the historic, former Federal Office Building into a Residence Inn by Marriott; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$2,418,718.00.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1438  October 23 Meeting) THE FOLLOWING PERSONS APPEARED AND SPOKE: Proponent: Bob Peters, representing the developer, 3552 Farnam Street For the City: Bridget Hadley, Planning Department CCID # 1438  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for November 6, 2012 as per City Charter requirements.


# 2012-11-06

Item 23

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and First OFB, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company to implement Federal Office Building **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan at the project site located at 106 South 15th Street; the plan contemplates the adaptive re-use and conversion of the historic, former Federal Office Building into a Residence Inn by Marriott; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$2,418,718.00.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. (See Doc. # 1438  October 23 and October 30 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on October 30, 2012 published in the Daily Record on October 26, 2012. Ordinance passed November 6, 2012 published in the Daily Record on November 14, 2012. CCID # 1438  Motion by Gernandt that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Gray ROLL CALL: Yeas: Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Gernandt, Gray, Mr. President Absent: Jerram ORDINANCE # 39510  PASSED 6-0


# 2012-11-20

Item 56
RESOLUTIONS 56. Res. that, the attached The Gavilon Group, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for the redevelopment project site located at 1334 Dodge Street which represents the relocation of the corporate headquarters of a local, downtown firm, which entails the new construction of an architecturally significant, 131,225 gross square foot office building, complete with 205 structured parking stalls, recommending the City's participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** in an amount up to **$3,942,000.00** to offset costs of acquisition, rehabilitation costs, site work, architectural and engineering, surveys and environmental and any public improvements, which also includes **$20,000.00** of the **TIF** allocation toward the Downtown Public Improvement fund, but is subject to change as final costs come in, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  over from 10/30/12 for publication and public hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1457  October 30 Meeting) THE FOLLOWING PERSONS APPEARED AND SPOKE: Proponents: Robert Jones, Gavilon Group, 11 Con Agra Drive For the City: Bridget Hadley, Planning Department, appeared and spoke.


Motion by Gray that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Stothert ROLL CALL: Yeas: Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Gernandt, Gray, Jerram, Mr. President Res # 1457  ADOPTED 7-0

Item 57

Res. that, the attached the Slate **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for the redevelopment project site located at 1815 Capitol Avenue & 1818 Dodge Street which contemplates the adaptive reuse and retrofitting of the 7-story Capitol Plaza Building (1815 Capitol Avenue) and the 1-story, "circular" shaped building, directly adjacent to the south (1818 Dodge Street) into a mix of 116 market-rate apartment units  one and two bedrooms, and a commercial space, recommending the City's participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** in an amount up to **$2,250,000.00** to offset costs of acquisition, rehabilitation costs, site work, architectural and engineering, surveys and environmental and any public improvements, which also includes **$20,000.00** of the **TIF** allocation toward the Downtown Public Improvement Fund, but is subject to change as final costs come in, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  over from 10/30/12 for publication and public hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1458  October 30 Meeting) THE FOLLOWING PERSONS APPEARED AND SPOKE: Proponents: Todd Heistand, 1524 Cuming Street For the City: Bridget Hadley, Planning Department Rick Cunningham, Director, Planning Department Motion by Gray that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Thompson ROLL CALL: Yeas: Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Gernandt, Gray, Jerram, Mr. President Res # 1458  ADOPTED 7-0


Item 58

Res. that, the attached The 2401 Farnam, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for the redevelopment project site located at 2401 and 2405 Farnam Streets which represents the adaptive reuse of the office and commercial space as mix of 7 one-bedroom and 5 two-bedroom market-rate apartments, secured parking in the vacant lot directly to the west of the building specifically for the residential tenants, the storefront on 24th and Farnam will remain commercial space and the basement will become renovated commercial space, recommending the City's participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** in an amount up to **$288,000.00** to offset costs of acquisition, rehabilitation costs, site work, architectural and engineering, surveys and environmental and any public improvements, which also includes **$20,000.00** of the **TIF** allocation toward the Downtown Public Improvement Fund, but is subject to change as final costs come in, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  over from 10/30/12 for publication and public hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY - CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1459  October 30 Meeting) THE FOLLOWING PERSONS APPEARED AND SPOKE: Proponents: Darren Smith, 505 Walker Street, Woodbine, Iowa For the City: Bridget Hadley, Planning Department Motion by Gernandt that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Gray ROLL CALL: Yeas: Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Gernandt, Gray, Jerram, Mr. President Res # 1459  ADOPTED 7-0


Item 59

Res. that, the attached the Marriott Residence Inn at Aksarben Village **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for the redevelopment project site located at 67th & Shirley Street which is a continuation of the infill development within the Aksarben Village Redevelopment Area and contemplates the new construction of a 4-story, 120+ room Marriott Residence Inn hotel, recommending the City's participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** in an amount up to **$1,320,000.00** to offset costs of acquisition, site work, architectural, surveying, environmental and engineering, with **$690,000.00** of the **TIF** allocation being used for public improvements within the general Aksarben Village Area, but is subject to change as final costs come in, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  over from 10/30/12 for publication and public hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1460  October 30 Meeting) THE FOLLOWING PERSON APPEARED AND SPOKE: Proponents: Mike Wiese, Colliers International & Noddle Company Tom Doyce, representing the owner, Developer For the City: Bridget Hadley, Planning Department Motion by Gray that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Thompson ROLL CALL: Yeas: Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Gernandt, Gray, Jerram, Mr. President Res # 1460  ADOPTED 7-0

Item 86
ORDINANCES ON FIRST READING 86. Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and Wal-Mart Real Estate Business Trust, a Delaware statutory trust to implement the 50th & Ames Avenue Wal-Mart **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan at the project site located at 5018 Ames Avenue; the plan contemplates the acquisition and demolition of the former Baker's Supermarket building and the construction of a new re tail building containing approximately 178,748 square feet and the installation and construction of certain public improvements; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$2,223,556.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the redevelopment to help offset the costs of acquisition, demolitions, site preparation, architectural and engineering fees, and the installation and construction of public improvements as set forth in a separate Subdivision Agreement between the parties; and providing for an effective date  see attached. CCID # 1556  Publication to be made and public hearing and third reading to held on December 11, 2012 pursuant to City Council Rule VII H.

* * * * * * * * * * * * *

"PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII H DUE TO NO MEETING BEING HELD NOVEMBER 27, 2012 THE SECOND READING AND PUBLIC HEARINGS ON AGENDA ITEM NOS. 87 THROUGH 95 SHALL BE HELD ON DECEMBER 4, 2012"

Item 90

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and Nebraska Furniture Mart, Inc., a Nebraska Corporation to implement the NFM Office Building **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan at the project site located at 808 South 74 th Plaza and 727 South 75th Street; the plan provides for the renovation and rehabilitation of an approximately 44,000 square feet, 2-story vacant office building, the removal and replacement of the existing pedestrian bridge over the Little Papillion Creek adjacent to Rose Blumkin Drive and Jackson Plaza, public improvements to the trail system by extending the trail to South 75th Street and construction of a parking area for the trail system; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$886,520.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. CCID # 1557  Publication to be made and public hearing to held on December 4, 2012 pursuant to City Council Rule VII H.


# 2012-12-04

Item 33

Res. that, Census Tract 8, a 387.35-acre area, in which the Ames-Locust Area Redevelopment Plan area is located, is bound by 13th Street on the east, North 24th Street to the west, Ames Avenue to the north, and Locust Street to the south, continues to meet the conditions of a community redevelopment area (area meets definition of "substandard and blighted" area in need of redevelopment), and is therefore re-certified and re-designated; and further, that, the attached Ames-Locust Area Redevelopment Plan for the redevelopment of the nearly 70 acre project site generally bound by Cornish Boulevard to the north, North 13th Street to the east, Locust Street to the south, and North 16 th Street to the west, to facilitate the development of the proposed Ames-Locust Industrial Park, including the use of eminent domain, which includes financing by funding from state and local sources including **Tax Increment Financing** for future redevelopment project plans and private funding from foundations, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  see attached. Notice of public hearing on January 8, 2013 published in the Daily Record on December 7, 2012. CCID # 1590  Over five weeks to January 8, 2013 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII H.


Item 34

Res. that, the attached the Elk Hills Apartments, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for the redevelopment project site located at 223 North Main Street which contemplates the redevelopment of the project site into seven 3-story apartment buildings  six with 30 units each and one building with 36 units, to include studios, one-, two-, and three-bedroom units, recommending the City's participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** in an amount up to **$2,950,000.00** to offset costs of acquisition, site preparation and public improvements, a portion of the **TIF** allocation, up to **$1,042,000.00** will go toward public improvements within the Downtown Elkhorn area, but is subject to change as final costs come in, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  see attached. Notice of public hearing on January 8, 2013 published in the Daily Record on December 7, 2012. CCID # 1591  Over five weeks to January 8, 2013 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII H.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * "PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII D THE PUBLIC HEARINGS ON AGENDA ITEM NOS. 35 THROUGH 40 SHALL BE HELD ON THE THIRD READING"

ZONING ORDINANCES ON SECOND READING

Item 40
ORDINANCES ON SECOND READING 40. Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and Wal-Mart Real Estate Business Trust, a Delaware statutory trust to implement the 50th & Ames Avenue Wal-Mart **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan at the project site located at 5018 Ames Avenue; the plan contemplates the acquisition and demolition of the former Baker's Supermarket building and the construction of a new retail building containing approximately 178,748 square feet and the installation and construction of certain public improvements; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$2,223,556.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the redevelopment to help offset the costs of acquisition, demolitions, site preparation, architectural and engineering fees, and the installation and construction of public improvements as set forth in a separate Subdivision Agreement between the parties; and providing for an effective date  see attached. (See Doc. # 1556  November 20 Meeting) CCID # 1556  ORDINANCE ON SECOND READING  Final reading to be held on December 11, 2012 as per City Charter requirements. * * * * * * * * * * * * *

Item 44

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and Nebraska Furniture Mart, Inc., a Nebraska Corporation to implement the NFM Office Building **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan at the project site located at 808 South 74 th Plaza and 727 South 75th Street; the plan provides for the renovation and rehabilitation of an approximately 44,000 square feet, 2-story vacant office building, the removal and replacement of the existing pedestrian bridge over the Little Papillion Creek adjacent to Rose Blumkin Drive and Jackson Plaza, public improvements to the trail system by extending the trail to South 75th Street and construction of a parking area for the trail system; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$886,520.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1557  November 20 Meeting) Bridget Hadley, Planning Department, appeared and spoke. CCID # 1557  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for December 11, 2012 as per City Charter requirements.

Item 53

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and the North Omaha Senior Cottages Limited Partnership, a Nebraska limited partnership to implement The North Omaha Senior Cottages Phase I **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan at the project site located at 5345 St. Richards Plaza, which is part of the redevelopment at the St. Richard's Campus; the plan proposes the new construction of 12, two-bedroom duplexes (24 units/cottages) for seniors on the north side of the campus; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$276,256.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. CCID # 1598  Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on December 11, 2012 as per City Charter requirements.

Item 62
EXECUTIVE SESSION 62. Motion to go into Executive Session for the purpose of discussing labor negotiations, personnel matters and litigation.
SUPPLEMENT TO THE CITY COUNCIL AGENDA FOR DECEMBER 4, 2012 LEGISLATIVE CHAMBERS - 2:00 P.M. - PREPARED DECEMBER 3, 2012 AT 1:00 P.M.

"PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII E AGENDA ITEM NO. 63 SHALL BE LAID OVER TWO WEEKS FOR PUBLICATION AND PUBLIC HEARING" ADDITONAL AFTER HOURS DANCE PERMIT 63. Res. that the application of 10th & Capitol, Inc. for the issuance of an after-hours dance permit at 1011 Capitol Avenue be and hereby is approved  see attached. Notice of public hearing on December 18, 2012 published in the Daily Record on December 7, 2012. CCID # 1616  Over two weeks to December 18, 2012 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII E.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * "PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII C THE PUBLIC HEARINGS ON AGENDA ITEM NOS. 64 THROUGH 65 SHALL BE HELD ON THE SECOND READING" ADDITIONAL ORDINANCES ON FIRST READING 64. Ord. approving a **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment loan agreement between the City of Omaha and The Gavilon Group, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company to implement The Gavilon Group, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for the development of the Corporate Headquarters facilities project site located at 1334 Dodge Street; the Agreement contemplates the construction of a 131,225 square foot office building complete with 205 structured parking stalls with the City's participa tion through the location of **$3,942,000.00** plus accrued capitalized interest for the term redevelopment loan in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the **TIF** eligible costs of the project, including an allocation of **$20,000.00** to the Downtown Improvement Fund; and providing for an effective date  see attached.

CCID # 1617  Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on December 11, 2012 as per City Charter requirements.


# 2012-12-11

Item 13

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and Wal-Mart Real Estate Business Trust, a Delaware statutory trust to implement the 50th & Ames Avenue Wal-Mart **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan at the project site located at 5018 Ames Avenue; the plan contemplates the acquisition and demolition of the former Bakers Supermarket building and the construction of a new retail building containing approximately 178,748 square feet and the installation and construction of certain public improvements; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$2,223,556.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the redevelopment to help offset the costs of acquisition, demolitions, site preparation, architectural and engineering fees, and the installation and construction of public improvements as set forth in a separate Subdivision Agreement between the parties; and providing for an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE PASSED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1556  November 20 and December 4 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on December 11, 2012 published in the Daily Record on November 23, 2012. Ordinance passed December 11, 2012 published in the Daily Record on December 19, 2012. THE FOLLOWING PERSONS APPEARED AND SPOKE: Proponent: Larry Jobeun, representing Wal-Mart, 11440 West Center Road Protestant: DShawn Cunningham, 604 South 22nd Street For the City: Bridget Hadley, Planning Department CCID # 1556  Motion by Gray that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Gernandt ROLL CALL: Yeas: Festersen, Gernandt, Gray, Jerram, Stothert, Thompson, Mr. President ORDINANCE # 39524  PASSED 7-0


Item 34

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and Nebraska Furniture Mart, Inc., a Nebraska Corporation to implement the NFM Office Building **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan at the project site located at 808 South 74 th Plaza and 727 South 75th Street; the plan provides for the renovation and rehabilitation of an approximately 44,000 square feet, 2-story vacant office building, the removal and replacement of the existing pedestrian bridge over the Little Papillion Creek adjacent to Rose Blumkin Drive and Jackson Plaza, public improvements to the trail system by extending the trail to South 75 th Street and construction of a parking area for the trail system; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$886,520.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. (See Doc. # 1557  November 20 and December 4 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on December 4, 2012 published in the Daily Record on November 23, 2012. Ordinance passed December 11, 2012 published in the Daily Record on December 19, 2012.


CCID # 1557  Motion by Gray that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Stothert ROLL CALL: Yeas: Festersen, Gernandt, Gray, Jerram, Stothert, Thompson, Mr. President ORDINANCE # 39530  PASSED 7-0

AGENDA ITEM NO. 35 REMOVED FROM THE CITY COUNCIL AGENDA AT THE REQUEST OF THE CITY CLERK 35. Ord. approving an Agreement for the sale of City-owned real property; to provide that notwithstanding any provisions of the Omaha Municipal Code to the contrary, the City is authorized to enter into the attached Agreement with Habitat for Humanity of Omaha, Inc., a Nebraska non-profit Corporation, 2204 Ames Avenue, Omaha, NE 68110, to convey property located at 18th and Corby Streets and legally described in the attached agreement, for use in development of affordable housing, located within the 18th and Locust Street Redevelopment Plan area, in consideration of the sum of One and 00/100 Dollars (**$1.00**); there are no expenditures associated with the conveyance of the property; and to provide the effective date hereof  see attached. (See Doc. # 1539  November 20 and December 4 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on December 4, 2012 published in the Daily Record on November 23, 2012. Ordinance passed December 11, 2012 published in the Daily Record on December 19, 2012. CCID # 1539  Ordinance read Motion by Gray that the Ordinance be PASSED AS AMENDED Seconded by Festersen ROLL CALL: Yeas: Festersen, Gernandt, Gray, Jerram, Stothert, Thompson, Mr. President ORDINANCE # 39536  PASSED AS AMENDED 7-0 (a) Amendment requested by the Planning Department  see attached. # 1539  Motion by Festersen that the Amendment be approved Seconded by Gray ROLL CALL: Yeas: Festersen, Gernandt, Gray, Jerram, Stothert, Thompson, Mr. President Motion Carried 7-0

Item 51

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and the North Omaha Senior Cottages Limited Partnership, a Nebraska limited partnership to implement The North Omaha Senior Cottages Phase I **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan at the project site located at 5345 St. Richards Plaza, which is part of the redevelopment at the St. Richards Campus; the plan proposes the new construction of 12, two-bedroom duplexes (24 units/cottages) for seniors on the north side of the campus; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$276,256.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1598  December 4 Meeting) Bridget Hadley, Planning Department, appeared and spoke. CCID # 1598  ORDINANCE ON SECOND READING  Final reading to be held on December 18, 2012 as per City Charter requirements.

Item 58

Ord. approving a **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment loan agreement between the City of Omaha and The Gavilon Group, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company to implement The Gavilon Group, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for the development of the Corporate Headquarters facilities project site located at 1334 Dodge Street; the Agreement contemplates the construction of a 131,225 square foot office building complete with 205 structured parking stalls with the Citys participation through the allocation of **$3,942,000.00** plus accrued capitalized interest for the term redevelopment loan in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the **TIF** eligible costs of the project, including an allocation of **$20,000.00** to the Downtown Improvement Fund; and providing for an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1617  December 4 Meeting) Bridget Hadley, Planning Department, appeared and spoke. CCID # 1617  ORDINANCE ON SECOND READING  Final reading to be held on December 18, 2012 as per City Charter requirements.


# 2012-12-18

Item 20

Ord. authorizing the issuance of a purchase order to Riverside Technologies, Inc. for a 3-year lease of 37 computers to be utilized by the Quality Control Division in the amount of **$15,967.80**; to provide for payments from appropriations of more than one year in accordance with Section 5.17 of the Home Rule Charter of 1956, as amended; to provide for payments from a specific account; and to provide an effective date hereof  see attached. (See Doc. # 1593 December 4 and December 11 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on December 11, 2012 published in the Daily Record on December 7, 2012. Ordinance passed December 18, 2012 published in the Daily Record on December 26, 2012.

CCID # 1593  Motion by Gray that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Stothert ROLL CALL: Yeas: Gernandt, Gray, Jerram, Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Mr. President ORDINANCE # 39538  PASSED 7-0 21. Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and the North Omaha Senior Cottages Limited Partnership, a Nebraska limited partnership to implement The North Omaha Senior Cottages Phase I **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan at the project site located at 5345 St. Richards Plaza, which is part of the redevelopment at the St. Richard's Campus; the plan proposes the new construction of 12, two-bedroom duplexes (24 units/cottages) for seniors on the north side of the campus; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$276,256.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. (See Doc. # 1598 December 4 and December 11 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on December 11, 2012 published in the Daily Record on December 7, 2012. Ordinance passed December 18, 2012 published in the Daily Record on December 26, 2012. CCID # 1598  Motion by Gray that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Stothert ROLL CALL: Yeas: Gernandt, Gray, Jerram, Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Mr. President ORDINANCE # 39539  PASSED 7-0

Item 28

Ord. approving a **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment loan agreement between the City of Omaha and The Gavilon Group, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company to implement The Gavilon Group, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for the development of the Corporate Headquarters facilities project site located at 1334 Dodge Street; the Agreement contemplates the construction of a 131,225 square foot office building complete with 205 structured parking stalls with the City's participation through the allocation of **$3,942,000.00** plus accrued capitalized interest for the term redevelopment loan in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the **TIF** eligible costs of the project, including an allocation of **$20,000.00** to the Downtown Improvement Fund; and providing for an effective date  see attached. (See Doc. # 1617 December 4 and December 11 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on December 11, 2012 published in the Daily Record on December 7, 2012. Ordinance passed December 18, 2012 published in the Daily Record on December 26, 2012. CCID # 1617  Motion by Gray that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Stothert ROLL CALL: Yeas: Gernandt, Gray, Jerram, Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Mr. President ORDINANCE # 39546  PASSED 7-0

