
# 2013-01-08

Item 51
RESOLUTIONS 51. Res. that, Census Tract 8, a 387.35-acre area, in which the Ames-Locust Area Redevelopment Plan area is located, is bound by 13th Street on the east, North 24th Street to the west, Ames Avenue to the north, and Locust Street to the south, continues to meet the conditions of a community redevelopment area (area meets definition of "substandard and blighted" area in need of redevelopment), and is therefore re-certified and re-designated; and further, that, the attached Ames-Locust Area Redevelopment Plan for the redevelopment of the nearly 70 acre project site generally bound by Cornish Boulevard to the north, North 13th Street to the east, Locust Street to the south, and North 16th Street to the west, to facilitate the development of the proposed Ames-Locust Industrial Park, including the use of eminent domain, which includes financing by funding from state and local sources including **Tax Increment Financing** for future redevelopment project plans and private funding from foundations, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  over from 12/4/12 for publication and public hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1590  December 4 Meeting)


THE FOLLOWING PERSONS APPEARED AND SPOKE: Proponent: Mark Norman, Great Omaha Chamber, 1301 Harney Street Protestant: Ted Becker, 11225 Davenport Street, Ste. 100 For the City: Bridget Hadley, Planning Department Paul Kratz, City Attorney CCID # 1590  Motion by Stothert that the Resolution be laid over three weeks to January 29, 2013 Seconded by Thompson ROLL CALL: Yeas: Stothert, Thompson, Gernandt, Mr. President Nays: Gray, Jerram, Festersen Motion Carried 4-3

Item 52

Res. that, the attached the Elk Hills Apartments, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for the redevelopment project site located at 223 North Main Street which contemplates the redevelopment of the project site into seven 3-story apartment buildings  six with 30 units each and one building with 36 units, to include studios, one-, two-, and three-bedroom units, recommending the City's participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** in an amount up to **$2,950,000.00** to offset costs of acquisition, site preparation and public improvements, a portion of the **TIF** allocation, up to **$1,042,000.00** will go toward public improvements within the Downtown Elkhorn area, but is subject to change as final costs come in, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  over from 12/4/12 for publication and public hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1591  December 4 Meeting) THE FOLLOWING PERSONS APPEARED AND SPOKE: Proponent: Carl Anderson, President, Main Street Association, 2619 Main Street, Elkhorn, NE For the City: Bridget Hadley, Planning Department Motion by Stothert that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Thompson ROLL CALL: Yeas: Gray, Jerram, Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Gernandt, Mr. President Res # 1591  ADOPTED 7-0


"PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII F AGENDA ITEM NOS. 53 THROUGH 55 SHALL BE LAID OVER THREE WEEKS FOR PUBLICATION AND PUBLIC HEARING"

Item 53

Res. that, the attached Airlite Plastics IML Building #3 **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for the redevelopment project site located at 6110 Abbott Drive which contemplates constructing a new 43,000 square foot building addition to its existing manufacturing facility in the Airport Business Park/Riverfront Industrial Park area; recommending the City's participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) in an amount up to **$1,655,240.00** to offset the costs of site work, architectural and engineering fees, special foundations due to the soil conditions in the Airport Business Park, and any public improvements as may be required, which also includes **$30,000.00** of the **TIF** allocation toward the Airport Business Park Public Improvement/Detention Center Fund; containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  see attached. Notice of public hearing on January 29, 2013 published in the Daily Record on January 11, 2013. CCID # 8  Over three weeks to January 29, 2013 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII F.

Item 54

Res. that, the attached the Block 318, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for the redevelopment project site located at 1218 Izard Street and 1201 Nicholas Street contemplating the adaptive reuse and retrofitting of two buildings which will feature plaza entrances at the ground levels leading into retail spaces, the second floors will feature office space, and the third floors will consist of 21 market-rate, multi-family apartments, recommending the City's participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** in an amount up to **$1,972,000.00** to offset costs of acquisition, demolition, site preparation, architectural and engineering fees, renovation/rehabilitation of the buildings, surveys, all public improvements near the project site along 12th, 13th, Nicholas, and Izard Streets, and any other public improvements as may be required, and **$35,058.00** of the **TIF** allocation toward a North Downtown Public Improvement Fund, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  see attached. Notice of public hearing on January 29, 2013 published in the Daily Record on January 11, 2013. CCID # 9  Over three weeks to January 29, 2013 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII F.

Item 55

Res. that, the attached the Fair Deals Urban District Phase I **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for the redevelopment project site located along 25th Street between Patrick Avenue & Blondo Street contemplating the construction of five (5) new, rental single-family homes, recommending the City's participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** in an amount up to **$83,000.00** to offset costs of site work, architectural and engineering fees, surveys and any public improvements, a **$5,000.00** contribution of the **TIF** will go toward a public improvement fund for the North 24 th and Lake Streets corridors to be utilized for public improvements called for within the North Omaha Village Revitalization Plan, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  see attached. Notice of public hearing on January 29, 2013 published in the Daily Record on January 11, 2013. CCID # 10  Over three weeks to January 29, 2013 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII F. * * * * * * * * * * * * *


# 2013-01-15

Item 38

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and Heistand Farm 137 Limited Liability Company, a Nebraska limited liability company to implement the Slate **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan located at 1815 Capitol Avenue & 1818 Dodge Street; this represents the adaptive reuse and retrofitting of the 7story Capitol Plaza Building (1815 Capitol Avenue) and the 1-story, "circular" shaped building, directly adjacent to the south (1818 Dodge Street) into a mix of 116 market-rate apartment units  one and two bedrooms, and a commercial space at the corner of 19th and Dodge Streets; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$2,250,000.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. CCID # 64  Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on January 29, 2013 pursuant to City Council Rule VII H.


Item 39

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha, a Nebraska municipal corporation, RI Aksarben Village, LLC, a Nebraska limited liability company, J.S. Hotels, LLC, a Kansas limited liability company, and M.S. Hotels, LLC, Kansas limited liability company to implement the Marriott Residence Inn at Aksarben Village **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan at the project site located at 67 th & Shirley Streets contemplating the new construction of a 4-story, 120+ room Marriott Residence Inn hotel on an approximately 2.0 acre vacant site directly south of the existing Marriott Courtyard; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$1,320,000.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project, with **$690,000.00** of the **TIF** allocation being used for public improvements within the general Aksarben Village area; and providing for an effective date  see attached. CCID # 65  Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on January 29, 2013 pursuant to City Council Rule VII H.


# 2013-01-29

Item 62

Res. that the reappointment by Mayor Jim Suttle of Jay Noddle as a Real Estate Industry representative member of the Urban Design Review Board, to serve a three-year term commencing February 26, 2013, and expiring February 25, 2016, be and hereby is confirmed and approved  see attached. Motion by Gray that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Festersen ROLL CALL: Yeas: Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Gernandt, Gray, Jerram, Mr. President Res # 96  ADOPTED 7-0

((MOTION NEEDED THAT THE RESOLUTIONS ON THE CONSENT AGENDA BE ADOPTED))

* * * * * * * * * * * * * RESOLUTIONS 63. Res. that, Census Tract 8, a 387.35-acre area, in which the Ames-Locust Area Redevelopment Plan area is located, is bound by 13th Street on the east, North 24th Street to the west, Ames Avenue to the north, and Locust Street to the south, continues to meet the conditions of a community redevelopment area (area meets definition of "substandard and blighted" area in need of redevelopment), and is therefore re-certified and re-designated; and further, that, the attached Ames-Locust Area Redevelopment Plan for the redevelopment of the nearly 70 acre project site generally bound by Cornish Boulevard to the north, North 13th Street to the east, Locust Street to the south, and North 16 th Street to the west, to facilitate the development of the proposed Ames-Locust Industrial Park, including the use of eminent domain, which includes financing by funding from state and local sources including **Tax Increment Financing** for future redevelopment project plans and private funding from foundations, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  over from 1/8/13  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING HELD 1/8/13  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1590  December 4 and January 8 Meetings) THE FOLLOWING PERSONS APPEARED AND SPOKE: Proponent: Mark Norman, Greater Omaha Chamber, 1301 Harney Street Protestants: Ted Boecker, Attorney representing Virgil Anderson, 11225 Davenport Street Michael Heney, 555 Riverfront Plaza For the City: Paul Kratz, City Attorney Rick Cunningham, Planning Director Bridget Hadley, Planning Department


CCID # 1590  Motion by Gray that the Resolution be adopted LOST for lack of a second Motion by Stothert that the Resolution be laid over two weeks to February 12, 2013 Seconded by Thompson ROLL CALL: Yeas: Stothert, Thompson, Gernandt, Mr. President Nays: Festersen, Gray, Jerram Motion Carried 4-3 (a) Document submitted by Ted Boecker, Attorney representing Virgil Anderson, re: the Ames-Locust Area Redevelopment Plan  see attached. # 1590  Over to 02/12/13 COUNCILMEMBER GRAY LEAVES THE LEGISLATIVE CHAMBERS 64. Res. that, the attached Airlite Plastics IML Building #3 **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for the redevelopment project site located at 6110 Abbott Drive which contemplates constructing a new 43,000 square foot building addition to its existing manufacturing facility in the Airport Business Park/Riverfront Industrial Park area; recommending the City's participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) in an amount up to **$1,655,240.00** to offset the costs of site work, architectural and engineering fees, special foundations due to the soil conditions in the Airport Business Park, and any public improvements as may be required, which also includes **$30,000.00** of the **TIF** allocation toward the Airport Business Park Public Improvement/Detention Center Fund; containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  over from 1/8/13 for publication and public hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 8  January 8 Meeting) THE FOLLOWING PERSONS APPEARED AND SPOKE: Proponents: Brad Crosby, President & CEO, Airlite Plastics Co. Pat Kenealy, Chief Financial Officer, Airlite Plastics Co., 6110 Abbott Drive For the City: Bridget Hadley, Planning Department Motion by Stothert that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Festersen ROLL CALL: Yeas: Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Gernandt, Jerram, Mr. President Absent: Gray Res # 8  ADOPTED 6-0

Item 65

Res. that, the attached the Block 318, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for the redevelopment project site located at 1218 Izard Street and 1201 Nicholas Street contemplating the adaptive reuse and retrofitting of two buildings which will feature plaza entrances at the ground levels leading into retail spaces, the second floors will feature office space, and the third floors will consist of 21 market-rate, multi-family apartments, recommending the City's participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** in an amount up to **$1,972,000.00** to offset costs of acquisition, demolition, site preparation, architectural and engineering fees, renovation/rehabilitation of the buildings, surveys, all public improvements near the project site along 12th, 13th, Nicholas, and Izard Streets, and any other public improvements as may be required, and **$35,058.00** of the **TIF** allocation toward a North Downtown Public Improvement Fund, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  over from 1/8/13 for publication and public hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 9  January 8 Meeting) Bridget Hadley Planning Department, appeared and spoke. Motion by Stothert that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Festersen ROLL CALL: Yeas: Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Gernandt, Jerram, Mr. President Absent: Gray Res # 9  ADOPTED 6-0

Item 66
COUNCILMEMBER THOMPSON LEAVES THE LEGISLATIVE CHAMBERS 66. Res. that, the attached the Fair Deals Urban District Phase I **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for the redevelopment project site located along 25th Street between Patrick Avenue & Blondo Street contemplating the construction of five (5) new, rental single-family homes, recommending the City's participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** in an amount up to **$83,000.00** to offset costs of site work, architectural and engineering fees, surveys and any public improvements, a **$5,000.00** contribution of the **TIF** will go toward a public improvement fund for the North 24 th and Lake Streets corridors to be utilized for public improvements called for within the North Omaha Village Revitalization Plan, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  over from 1/8/13 for publication and public hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 10  January 8 Meeting) Bridget Hadley Planning Department, appeared and spoke.

Motion by Jerram that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Festersen ROLL CALL: Yeas: Stothert, Festersen, Gernandt, Jerram, Mr. President Absent: Thompson, Gray Res # 10  ADOPTED 5-0 67. Res. that the Law Department is authorized to make an offer to allow judgment to be taken against the City of Omaha in litigation pending in the District Court of Douglas County, Nebraska, entitled Edgar W. Hagerty and Joann D. Hagerty v. City of Omaha, in the amount of **$600,000.00,** inclusive of all costs, with dismissal of the counterclaim; and, if the offer is accepted by the Plaintiff the funds shall be paid from the Judgment Fund, Fund 12111, Org 121101  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) Motion by Jerram that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Gernandt ROLL CALL: Yeas: Stothert, Festersen, Gernandt, Jerram, Mr. President Absent: Thompson, Gray Res # 144  ADOPTED 5-0 COUNCILMEMBER GRAY RE-ENTERS THE LEGISLATIVE CHAMBERS "PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII D THE PUBLIC HEARINGS ON AGENDA ITEM NOS. 68 THROUGH 70 SHALL BE HELD ON THE THIRD READING"

Item 71

Ord. approving an Interlocal Agreement between the City of Omaha and Douglas County, Nebraska involving the payment of money from appropriations of more than one year in accordance with Section 5.17 of the Home Rule Charter of 1956, as amended; to provide for the terms and conditions under which Omaha, will provide a cost share to utilize the services of the Douglas County GIS Department for the service period of January 1, 2013 through December 31, 2017, with the Public Works Department as the lead Department; to authorize the Finance Department to pay this cost share of an initial amount of **$105,000,** with **$1,500** annual increases, according to the disbursement terms contained within the Agreement; and to provide an effective date hereof  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 69  January 15 Meeting) CCID # 69  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for February 5, 2013 as per City Charter requirements.

COUNCILMEMBER THOMPSON RE-ENTERS THE LEGISLATIVE CHAMBERS 72. Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and Heistand Farm 137 Limited Liability Company, a Nebraska limited liability company to implement the Slate **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan located at 1815 Capitol Avenue & 1818 Dodge Street; this represents the adaptive reuse and retrofitting of the 7story Capitol Plaza Building (1815 Capitol Avenue) and the 1-story, "circular" shaped building, directly adjacent to the south (1818 Dodge Street) into a mix of 116 market-rate apartment units  one and two bedrooms, and a commercial space at the corner of 19th and Dodge Streets; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$2,250,000.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 64  January 15 Meeting)

Bridget Hadley Planning Department, appeared and spoke. CCID # 64  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for February 5, 2013 as per City Charter requirements.

Item 73

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha, a Nebraska municipal corporation, RI Aksarben Village, LLC, a Nebraska limited liability company, J.S. Hotels, LLC, a Kansas limited liability company, and M.S. Hotels, LLC, Kansas limited liability company to implement the Marriott Residence Inn at Aksarben Village **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan at the project site located at 67 th & Shirley Streets contemplating the new construction of a 4-story, 120+ room Marriott Residence Inn hotel on an approximately 2.0 acre vacant site directly south of the existing Marriott Courtyard; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$1,320,000.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project, with **$690,000.00** of the **TIF** allocation being used for public improvements within the general Aksarben Village area; and providing for an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 65  January 15 Meeting) Bridget Hadley Planning Department, appeared and spoke. CCID # 65  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for February 5, 2013 as per City Charter requirements.

Item 93

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and 2401 Farnam, LLC, a Nebraska limited liability company to implement the 2401 Farnam, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan at the project site located at 2401 and 2405 Farnam Streets into market-rate apartments, commercial space, and a parking lot for residents; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$288,000.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. CCID # 102  Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on February 5, 2013 as per City Charter requirements.



# 2013-02-05

Item 32

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and Heistand Farm 137 Limited Liability Company, a Nebraska limited liability company to implement the Slate **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan located at 1815 Capitol Avenue & 1818 Dodge Street; this represents the adaptive reuse and retrofitting of the 7story Capitol Plaza Building (1815 Capitol Avenue) and the 1-story, "circular" shaped building, directly adjacent to the south (1818 Dodge Street) into a mix of 116 market-rate apartment units  one and two bedrooms, and a commercial space at the corner of 19th and Dodge Streets; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$2,250,000.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. (See Doc. # 64  January 15 and January 29 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on January 29, 2013 published in the Daily Record on January 18, 2013. Ordinance passed February 5, 2013 published in the Daily Record on February 13, 2013.

18

CCID # 64  Motion by Gernandt that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Gray ROLL CALL: Yeas: Thompson, Festersen, Gernandt, Gray, Jerram, Stothert, Mr. President ORDINANCE # 39572  PASSED 7-0

Item 33

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha, a Nebraska municipal corporation, RI Aksarben Village, LLC, a Nebraska limited liability company, J.S. Hotels, LLC, a Kansas limited liability company, and M.S. Hotels, LLC, Kansas limited liability company to implement the Marriott Residence Inn at Aksarben Village **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan at the project site located at 67 th & Shirley Streets contemplating the new construction of a 4-story, 120+ room Marriott Residence Inn hotel on an approximately 2.0 acre vacant site directly south of the existing Marriott Courtyard; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$1,320,000.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project, with **$690,000.00** of the **TIF** allocation being used for public improvements within the general Aksarben Village area; and providing for an effective date - see attached. (See Doc. # 65  January 15 and January 29 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on January 29, 2013 published in the Daily Record on January 18, 2013. Ordinance passed February 5, 2013 published in the Daily Record on February 13, 2013. CCID # 65  Motion by Gernandt that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Gray ROLL CALL: Yeas: Thompson, Festersen, Gernandt, Gray, Jerram, Stothert, Mr. President ORDINANCE # 39573  PASSED 7-0

Item 60

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and 2401 Farnam, LLC, a Nebraska limited liability company to implement the 2401 Farnam, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan at the project site located at 2401 and 2405 Farnam Streets into market-rate apartments, commercial space, and a parking lot for residents; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$288,000.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 102  January 29 Meeting) Bridget Hadley, Planning Department, appeared and spoke. CCID # 102  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for February 12, 2013 as per City Charter requirements.


# 2013-02-12

Item 27

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and 2401 Farnam, LLC, a Nebraska limited liability company to implement the 2401 Farnam, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan at the project site located at 2401 and 2405 Farnam Streets into market-rate apartments, commercial space, and a parking lot for residents; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$288,000.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. (See Doc. # 102  January 29 and February 5 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on February 5, 2013 published in the Daily Record on February 1, 2013. Ordinance passed February 12, 2013 published in the Daily Record on February 20, 2013. CCID # 102  Motion by Gray that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Festersen ROLL CALL: Yeas: Festersen, Gernandt, Gray, Jerram, Stothert, Thompson, Mr. President ORDINANCE # 39590  PASSED 7-0

Item 58
RESOLUTION 58. Res. that, Census Tract 8, a 387.35-acre area, in which the Ames-Locust Area Redevelopment Plan area is located, is bound by 13th Street on the east, North 24th Street to the west, Ames Avenue to the north, and Locust Street to the south, continues to meet the conditions of a community redevelopment area (area meets definition of substandard and blighted area in need of redevelopment), and is therefore re-certified and re-designated; and further, that, the attached Ames-Locust Area Redevelopment Plan for the redevelopment of the nearly 70 acre project site generally bound by Cornish Boulevard to the north, North 13th Street to the east, Locust Street to the south, and North 16th Street to the west, to facilitate the development of the proposed Ames-Locust Industrial Park, including the use of eminent domain, which includes financing by funding from state and local sources including **Tax Increment Financing** for future redevelopment project plans and private funding from foundations, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  over from 1/29/13  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING HELD 1/8/13  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1590  December 4, January 8 and January 29 Meetings)

THE FOLLOWING PERSONS APPEARED AND SPOKE: Protestant: Ted Boecker, Attorney representing Virgil Anderson, 11225 Davenport Street For the City: Warren Weaver, City Council Chief of Staff Chad Weaver, Planning Department Motion by Gray that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Festersen ROLL CALL: Yeas: Festersen, Gernandt, Gray, Jerram, Stothert, Thompson, Mr. President Res # 1590  ADOPTED 7-0 (a) Document submitted by Ted Boecker, Attorney representing Virgil Anderson, re: the Ames-Locust Area Redevelopment Plan  over from 1/29/13  see attached. (See Doc. # 1590  January 29 Meeting) # 1590  From Chair on File (b) Communication supporting the Resolution to approve the AmesLocust Area Redevelopment Plan  see attached. # 1590  From Chair on File (c) Documentation submitted re: the Redevelopment Plan  see attached. # 1590  From Chair on File Ames-Locust Area

"PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII H DUE TO NO MEETING BEING HELD FEBRUARY 19, 2013 THE THIRD READING AND PUBLIC HEARINGS ON AGENDA ITEM NOS. 59 THROUGH 64 SHALL BE HELD ON FEBRUARY 26, 2013"

Item 68
ORDINANCES ON FIRST READING 68. Ord. approving the First Amendment to Redevelopment Agreement between the City of Omaha and 1501 Jackson, L.L.C., a Nebraska limited liability company to amend the redevelopment agreement implementing the 1501 Jackson, L.L.C. **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan located at 1501 Jackson Street; the amendment changes the Division Date year to January 1, 2014, increases the amount of the **tax increment financing** (**TIF**) by **$91,718.00** to **$1,940,917.00,** and change the project completion date to on or before February 1, 2015; except as expressly stated in the First Amendment to Redevelopment Agreement, no other changes will be made; and providing for an effective date  see attached. CCID # 219  Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on February 26, 2013 pursuant to City Council Rule VII H.



# 2013-02-26

Item 66

Res. that the appointment by Mayor Jim Suttle of Bennett A. Ginsberg as a member of the Airport Authority Board to serve a five-year term, commencing on March 18, 2013, after confirmation by the City Council, and expiring March 17, 2018, be and hereby is confirmed and approved  see attached. Motion by Gray that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Festersen ROLL CALL: Yeas: Gernandt, Gray, Jerram, Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Mr. President Res # 264  ADOPTED 7-0

((MOTION NEEDED THAT THE RESOLUTIONS ON THE CONSENT AGENDA BE ADOPTED))

* * * * * * * * * * * * *


"PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII F AGENDA ITEM NOS. 67 THROUGH 68 SHALL BE LAID OVER THREE WEEKS FOR PUBLICATION AND PUBLIC HEARING" RESOLUTIONS 67. Res. that, the attached 1405 Harney, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for the redevelopment project site located at 1405 and 1407 Harney Street contemplates the adaptive reuse and rehabilitation of the two former commercial retail buildings into a mixed-use project comprised of ground floor commercial and residential units on the upper levels, and includes parking options for the tenants and for the patrons of the new businesses will be available at the nearby public and private garages and surface lots, recommending the Citys participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** in an amount up to **$633,989.00** to acquisition, rehabilitation, architectural and engineering fees and public improvements, and also includes **$13,500.00** of the **TIF** allocation toward the Downtown Public Improvement Fund, but is subject to change as final costs come in, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  see attached. Notice of public hearing on March 19, 2013 published in the Daily Record on March 1, 2013. CCID # 266  Over three weeks to March 19, 2013 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII F.

Item 68

Res. that, the attached 501 Park Avenue, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for the redevelopment project site located at 501 Park Avenue which contemplates the complete redevelopment of an underutilized 3-story apartment building by demolishing the existing structure and constructing a new 4-story apartment building which will be comprised of 149 market-rate apartment units with an 87-stall underground parking garage, 45 stalls on-site, and 44 additional adjacent street parking stalls, recommending the Citys participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** in an amount up to **$2,104,701.00** inclusive of capitalized interest to offset costs of acquisition, site work, demolition, architectural and engineering fees, surveys and public improvements, and which also includes **$25,000.00** of the **TIF** allocation toward the Midtown public improvement fund, but is subject to change as final costs come in, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  see attached. Notice of public hearing on March 19, 2013 published in the Daily Record on March 1, 2013.


CCID # 267  Over three weeks to March 19, 2013 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII F.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * * "PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII D THE PUBLIC HEARING ON AGENDA ITEM NO. 69 SHALL BE HELD ON THE THIRD READING"

Item 70

Ord. approving the First Amendment to Redevelopment Agreement between the City of Omaha and 1501 Jackson, L.L.C., a Nebraska limited liability company to amend the redevelopment agreement implementing the 1501 Jackson, L.L.C. **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan located at 1501 Jackson Street; the amendment changes the Division Date year to January 1, 2014, increases the amount of the **tax increment financing** (**TIF**) by **$91,718.00** to **$1,940,917.00,** and change the project completion date to on or before February 1, 2015; except as expressly stated in the First Amendment to Redevelopment Agreement, no other changes will be made; and providing for an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 219  February 12 Meeting) Bridget Hadley, Planning Department, appeared and spoke. CCID # 219  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for March 5, 2013 as per City Charter requirements.



# 2013-03-05

Item 16

Ord. approving the First Amendment to Redevelopment Agreement between the City of Omaha and 1501 Jackson, L.L.C., a Nebraska limited liability company to amend the redevelopment agreement implementing the 1501 Jackson, L.L.C. **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan located at 1501 Jackson Street; the amendment changes the Division Date year to January 1, 2014, increases the amount of the **tax increment financing** (**TIF**) by **$91,718.00** to **$1,940,917.00,** and change the project completion date to on or before February 1, 2015; except as expressly stated in the First Amendment to Redevelopment Agreement, no other changes will be made; and providing for an effective date  see attached. (See Doc. # 219  February 12 and February 26 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on February 26, 2013 published in the Daily Record on February 15, 2013. Ordinance passed March 5, 2013 published in the Daily Record on March 13, 2013. CCID # 219  Motion by Gray that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Thompson ROLL CALL: Yeas: Gray, Jerram, Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Gernandt, Mr. President ORDINANCE # 39603  PASSED 7-0


# 2013-03-12

Item 57

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and Airlite Plastics Co., a Nebraska Corporation to implement the Airlite IML Building #3 **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan located at 6110 Abbott Drive which proposes constructing a new 43,000 square foot building addition to its existing manufacturing facility within the Airport Business Park/Riverfront Industrial Park area, inclusive of an extension of the existing rail spur; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$1,655,240.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. CCID # 345  Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on March 19, 2013 as per City Charter requirements.

Item 58

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and Elk Hills Apartments, LLC, a Nebraska limited liability company to implement the Elk Hills Apartments, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan at the project site located at 223 N. Main Streets; said agreement contemplates the construction of market-rate apartment complex comprised of seven 3-story apartment buildings: 216 units with a unit mix of studios, one-, two-, and three-bedrooms, and a mix of attached and detached garage spaces; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$2,950,000.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project of which **$1,042,000.00** will be used for public improvements within downtown Elkhorn; and providing for an effective date  see attached. CCID # 346  Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on March 19, 2013 as per City Charter requirements.


# 2013-03-19

Item 41
RESOLUTIONS 41. Res. that, the attached 1405 Harney, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for the redevelopment project site located at 1405 and 1407 Harney Street contemplates the adaptive reuse and rehabilitation of the two former commercial retail buildings into a mixed-use project comprised of ground floor commercial and residential units on the upper levels, and includes parking options for the tenants and for the patrons of the new businesses will be available at the nearby public and private garages and surface lots, recommending the City's participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** in an amount up to **$633,989.00** to acquisition, rehabilitation, architectural and engineering fees and public improvements, and also includes **$13,500.00** of the **TIF** allocation toward the Downtown Public Improvement Fund, but is subject to change as final costs come in, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  over from 2/26/13 for publication and public hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 266  February 26 Meeting) Bridget Hadley, Planning Department, appeared and spoke. Motion by Jerram that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Gray ROLL CALL: Yeas: Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Gernandt, Gray, Jerram, Mr. President Res # 266  ADOPTED 7-0

Item 42

Res. that, the attached 501 Park Avenue, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for the redevelopment project site located at 501 Park Avenue which contemplates the complete redevelopment of an underutilized 3-story apartment building by demolishing the existing structure and constructing a new 4-story apartment building which will be comprised of 149 market-rate apartment units with an 87-stall underground parking garage, 45 stalls on-site, and 44 additional adjacent street parking stalls, recommending the City's participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** in an amount up to **$2,104,701.00** inclusive of capitalized interest to offset costs of acquisition, site work, demolition, architectural and engineering fees, surveys and public improvements, and which also includes **$25,000.00** of the **TIF** allocation toward the Midtown public improvement fund, but is subject to change as final costs come in, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  over from 2/26/13 for publication and public hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 267  February 26 Meeting)

THE FOLLOWING PERSONS APPEARED AND SPOKE: Proponent: Christian Christensen, 720 North 13th Street For the City: Bridget Hadley, Planning Department Motion by Gray that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Stothert ROLL CALL: Yeas: Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Gernandt, Gray, Jerram, Mr. President Res # 267  ADOPTED 7-0 "PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII F AGENDA ITEM NO. 43 SHALL BE LAID OVER THREE WEEKS FOR PUBLICATION AND PUBLIC HEARING"

Item 50

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and Airlite Plastics Co., a Nebraska Corporation to implement the Airlite IML Building #3 **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan located at 6110 Abbott Drive which proposes constructing a new 43,000 square foot building addition to its existing manufacturing facility within the Airport Business Park/Riverfront Industrial Park area, inclusive of an extension of the existing rail spur; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$1,655,240.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 345  March 12 Meeting) Bridget Hadley, Planning Department, appeared and spoke. CCID # 345  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for March 26, 2013 as per City Charter requirements.

Item 51

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and Elk Hills Apartments, LLC, a Nebraska limited liability company to implement the Elk Hills Apartments, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan at the project site located at 223 N. Main Streets; said agreement contemplates the construction of market-rate apartment complex comprised of seven 3-story apartment buildings: 216 units with a unit mix of studios, one-, two-, and three-bedrooms, and a mix of attached and detached garage spaces; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$2,950,000.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project of which **$1,042,000.00** will be used for public improvements within downtown Elkhorn; and providing for an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 346  March 12 Meeting) Bridget Hadley, Planning Department, appeared and spoke. CCID # 346  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for March 26, 2013 as per City Charter requirements.


# 2013-03-26

Item 24

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and Airlite Plastics Co., a Nebraska Corporation to implement the Airlite IML Building #3 **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan located at 6110 Abbott Drive which proposes constructing a new 43,000 square foot building addition to its existing manufacturing facility within the Airport Business Park/Riverfront Industrial Park area, inclusive of an extension of the existing rail spur; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$1,655,240.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. (See Doc. # 345  March 12 and March 19 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on March 19, 2013 published in the Daily Record on March 15, 2013. Ordinance passed March 26, 2013 published in the Daily Record on April 3, 2013. CCID # 345  Motion by Gray that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Stothert ROLL CALL: Yeas: Thompson, Festersen, Gernandt, Gray, Jerram, Stothert, Mr. President ORDINANCE # 39626  PASSED 7-0


Item 25

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and Elk Hills Apartments, LLC, a Nebraska limited liability company to implement the Elk Hills Apartments, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan at the project site located at 223 N. Main Streets; said agreement contemplates the construction of market-rate apartment complex comprised of seven 3-story apartment buildings: 216 units with a unit mix of studios, one-, two-, and three-bedrooms, and a mix of attached and detached garage spaces; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$2,950,000.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project of which **$1,042,000.00** will be used for public improvements within downtown Elkhorn; and providing for an effective date  see attached. (See Doc. # 346  March 12 and March 19 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on March 19, 2013 published in the Daily Record on March 15, 2013. Ordinance passed March 26, 2013 published in the Daily Record on April 3, 2013. CCID # 346  Motion by Gray that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Stothert ROLL CALL: Yeas: Thompson, Festersen, Gernandt, Gray, Jerram, Stothert, Mr. President ORDINANCE # 39627  PASSED 7-0


# 2013-04-09

Item 62

Res. that, the attached Aksarben M-U Project at 72nd & Poppleton Streets **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for the redevelopment project site located between 70th and 72nd Streets and between Poppleton and Pine Streets which contemplates the redevelopment of an approximately 7.8 acre vacant site, into a mixed-use project which includes an 87 unit assisted living facility, a hotel and approximately 10,000 square feet of commercial retail space; recommending the Citys participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** in an amount up to **$4,035,116.00** to offset costs such as acquisition, site work, architectural and engineering fees, tree and existing road removal, environmental, soil testing, utilities to the site, and any public improvement to include **$40,000.00** in **TIF** contributions toward the Aksarben Village public improvement fund, and any public improvements, but is subject to change as final costs come in; containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  see attached. Notice of public hearing on April 30, 2013 published in the Daily Record on April 12, 2013. CCID # 455  Over three weeks to April 30, 2013 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII F.


Item 63

Res. that, the attached North Omaha Senior Cottages-Phase II **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for the redevelopment project site located at 5315 St. Richards Plaza which contemplates the new construction of 10 additional, two-bedroom duplexes (20 cottages) on the north and west side of the St. Richards campus for seniors whose incomes are 60% or less of the median; recommending the Citys participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** in an amount up to **$212,955.00** to offset costs such as site work, architectural fees, surveying, environmental and engineering fees, and any public improvements, but is subject to change as final costs come in; containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  see attached. Notice of public hearing on April 30, 2013 published in the Daily Record on April 12, 2013. CCID # 456  Over three weeks to April 30, 2013 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII F.

* * * * * * * * * * * * *


# 2013-04-30

Item 42
RESOLUTIONS 42. Res. that, the attached Aksarben M-U Project at 72nd & Poppleton Streets **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for the redevelopment project site located between 70th and 72nd Streets and between Poppleton and Pine Streets which contemplates the redevelopment of an approximately 7.8 acre vacant site, into a mixed-use project which includes an 87 unit assisted living facility, a hotel and approximately 10,000 square feet of commercial retail space; recommending the City's participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** in an amount up to **$4,035,116.00** to offset costs such as acquisition, site work, architectural and engineering fees, tree and existing road removal, environmental, soil testing, utilities to the site, and any public improvement to include **$40,000.00** in **TIF** contributions toward the Aksarben Village public improvement fund, and any public improvements, but is subject to change as final costs come in; containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  over from 4/9/13 for publication and public hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 455  April 9 Meeting) THE FOLLOWING PERSONS APPEARED AND SPOKE: Proponent: Steven Held, Dial Realty Corporation, 11506 Nicholas Street For the City: Bridget Hadley, Planning Department Motion by Jerram that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Thompson ROLL CALL: Yeas: Jerram, Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Gernandt, Gray, Mr. President Res # 455  ADOPTED 7-0

Item 43

Res. that, the attached North Omaha Senior Cottages-Phase II **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for the redevelopment project site located at 5315 St. Richards Plaza which contemplates the new construction of 10 additional, two-bedroom duplexes (20 cottages) on the north and west side of the St. Richards campus for seniors whose incomes are 60% or less of the median; recommending the City's participation through the allocation of **Tax Increment Financing** in an amount up to **$212,955.00** to offset costs such as site work, architectural fees, surveying, environmental and engineering fees, and any public improvements, but is subject to change as final costs come in; containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  over from 4/9/13 for publication and public hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 456  April 9 Meeting)

Bridget Hadley, Planning Department, appeared and spoke. Motion by Gray that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Stothert ROLL CALL: Yeas: Jerram, Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Gernandt, Gray, Mr. President Res # 456  ADOPTED 7-0 "PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII F AGENDA ITEM NOS. 44 THROUGH 46 SHALL BE LAID OVER THREE WEEKS FOR PUBLICATION AND PUBLIC HEARING" Res. that, the attached Traver's Row **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for the redevelopment project site located at 26th and St. Mary's Avenue which contemplates the complete rehabilitation of 10 historic duplex apartment buildings and the rehabilitation of the structure which contains a commercial tenant space and apartments above; recommending the City's participation through the allocation of **TIF** in an amount up to **$318,500.00** to offset costs such as acquisition, site work, rehabilitation, architectural and engineering fees, surveying, and any public improvement to include **$10,000.00** in **TIF** contributions toward the street improvements along Leavenworth Street corridor, but is subject to change as final costs come in; containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  see attached. Notice of public hearing on May 21, 2013 published in the Daily Record on May 3, 2013. CCID # 579  Over three weeks to May 21, 2013 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII F.

Item 45

Res. the attached 40th & Farnam **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for the redevelopment project site located at 3922-3928 Farnam Street which contemplates the complete rehabilitation of 3 one-story buildings and 1 two-story building into a mix of commercial office/retail on the ground floors of the buildings and seven market-rate apartment units on the 2nd floor of the twostory corner building; recommending the City's participation site through the allocation of **TIF** in an amount up to **$235,500.00** to offset costs such as acquisition, demolition, rehabilitation, architectural and engineering fees, and any public improvements to include **$15,000.00** in **TIF** contributions toward the street improvements along Farnam Street between 36th and 42nd Streets, but is subject to change as final costs come in; containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  see attached. Notice of public hearing on May 21, 2013 published in the Daily Record on May 3, 2013. CCID # 580  Over three weeks to May 21, 2013 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII F.

Item 46

Res. that, the attached Aksarben Village Zone 8 - Gordmans **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for the redevelopment project site located at 1904 South 67th Street which contemplates the construction of a new, mixed-use building with approximately 117,000 gross square foot - 36,000 rentable square feet of retail space and 70,500 rentable square feet of Class A commercial office space; recommending the City's participation through the allocation of **TIF** in an amount up to **$3,587,000.00** to offset costs such as acquisition, site work, engineering and surveys, utilities and any public improvements, in addition to **$1,215,000.00** in **TIF** proceeds contributed by the developer to the Aksarben Village Infrastructure Escrow Account to pay the projects pro rata share of the overall public infrastructure costs for the Village area, but is subject to change as final costs come in; containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  see attached. Notice of public hearing on May 21, 2013 published in the Daily Record on May 3, 2013. CCID # 581  Over three weeks to May 21, 2013 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII F.

* * * * * * * * * * * * *


ORDINANCE ON SECOND READING and Planning Board Attachment 47. Ord. vacating the north/south alley east of 16th Street from Ames Avenue south to the east/west alley (behind 4425 North 16th Street), and providing the effective date hereof  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 538  April 23 Meeting) CCID # 538  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for May 7, 2013 as per City Charter requirements. (a) Planning Board and Planning Department recommend approval of the vacation of the north/south alley from Ames Avenue, south to the east/west alley (behind 4425 North 16th Street)  Inside City  see attached. (See Doc. # 538  April 23 Meeting) # 538  Over to 05/07/13

Item 54

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha, a Nebraska Municipal Corporation in Douglas County, Nebraska and 501 Park Avenue, LLC, a Nebraska limited liability company to implement the 501 Park Avenue, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan located at 501 Park Avenue providing for the demolition of an under-utilized 3-story apartment building and the construction of a new 4-story apartment building comprised of 149 market-rate apartment units with an 87-stall underground parking garage, 45 stalls on-site, and 44 additional adjacent street parking stalls; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$2,104,701.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. CCID # 583  Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on May 7, 2013 as per City Charter requirements.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVE SESSION 55. Motion to go into Executive Session for the purpose of discussing labor negotiations, personnel matters and litigation.

Motion by Jerram that the meeting be adjourned Seconded by Gray ROLL CALL: Yeas: Jerram, Stothert, Thompson, Festersen, Gernandt, Gray, Mr. President Motion Carried 7-0 ADJOURNED: 3:15 P.M.

I, BUSTER BROWN, CITY CLERK OF THE CITY OF OMAHA, do hereby certify that the foregoing is a true and correct copy of the proceedings of the Meeting of the City Council of the City of Omaha held on April 30th, 2013.

WITNESS:

_________________________________

_______________________________ CITY CLERK

THE PROCEEDINGS OF THIS MEETING WERE PRESENTED TO MAYOR JIM SUTTLE ON THE 2nd DAY OF MAY, 2013.


# 2013-05-07

Item 58

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha, a Nebraska Municipal Corporation in Douglas County, Nebraska and 501 Park Avenue, LLC, a Nebraska limited liability company to implement the 501 Park Avenue, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan located at 501 Park Avenue providing for the demolition of an under-utilized 3-story apartment building and the construction of a new 4-story apartment building comprised of 149 market-rate apartment units with an 87-stall underground parking garage, 45 stalls on-site, and 44 additional adjacent street parking stalls; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$2,104,701.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 583  April 30 Meeting) THE FOLLOWING PERSONS APPEARED AND SPOKE: Proponent: Christian Christensen, 720 North 13th Street For the City: Bridget Hadley, Planning Department CCID # 583  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for May 21, 2013 pursuant to City Council Rule VII H. (a) Amendment of the Whole requested by the Planning Department  see attached. # 583  Over to 05/21/13 * * * * * * * * * * * * * "PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII H DUE TO NO MEETINGS BEING HELD MAY 14, 2013 AND MAY 28, 2013 THE THIRD READING AND PUBLIC HEARINGS ON AGENDA ITEM NOS. 59 THROUGH 63 SHALL BE HELD ON JUNE 4, 2013"

ZONING ORDINANCES ON FIRST READING and Planning Board Attachments 59. Ord. to rezone the properties located at 1526, 1530 & 1538 North 18th Street from R7-Medium Density Multiple-Family Residential District to R5-Urban Family Residential District. CCID # 627  Publication to be made and public hearing and third reading to be held on June 4, 2013 pursuant to City Council Rule VII H.


(a)

Planning Board and Planning Department recommend APPROVAL of a request to rezone the properties located at 1526, 1530 & 1538 North 18th Street from R7 to R5  see attached. # 627  Over to 06/04/13


# 2013-05-21

Item 87

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha, a Nebraska Municipal Corporation in Douglas County, Nebraska and 501 Park Avenue, LLC, a Nebraska limited liability company to implement the 501 Park Avenue, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan located at 501 Park Avenue providing for the demolition of an under-utilized 3-story apartment building and the construction of a new 4-story apartment building comprised of 149 market-rate apartment units with an 87-stall underground parking garage, 45 stalls on-site, and 44 additional adjacent street parking stalls; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$2,104,701.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING HELD 5/7/13  CAN BE PASSED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 583  April 30 and May 7 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on May 7, 2013 published in the Daily Record on May 3, 2013. Ordinance passed May 21, 2013 published in the Daily Record on May 29, 2013. CCID # 583 Ordinance read (a) Amendment of the Whole requested by the Planning Department  over from 5/7/13  see attached. (See Doc. # 583  May 7 Meeting) CCID # 583  Motion by Gray that the Amendment of the Whole be PASSED AS AMENDED Seconded by Festersen ROLL CALL: Yeas: Thompson, Festersen, Gernandt, Gray, Jerram, Stothert, Mr. President ORDINANCE # 39673  PASSED AS AMENDED 7-0


Item 88
RESOLUTIONS 88. Res. that, the attached Traver's Row **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for the redevelopment project site located at 26th and St. Mary's Avenue which contemplates the complete rehabilitation of 10 historic duplex apartment buildings and the rehabilitation of the structure which contains a commercial tenant space and apartments above; recommending the City's participation through the allocation of **TIF** in an amount up to **$318,500.00** to offset costs such as acquisition, site work, rehabilitation, architectural and engineering fees, surveying, and any public improvement to include **$10,000.00** in **TIF** contributions toward the street improvements along Leavenworth Street corridor, but is subject to change as final costs come in; containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  over from 4/30/13 for publication and public hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 579  April 30 Meeting) Bridget Hadley, Planning Department, appeared and spoke. Motion by Gray that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Jerram ROLL CALL: Yeas: Thompson, Festersen, Gernandt, Gray, Jerram, Stothert, Mr. President Res # 579  ADOPTED 7-0

Item 89

Res. the attached 40th & Farnam **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for the redevelopment project site located at 3922-3928 Farnam Street which contemplates the complete rehabilitation of 3 one-story buildings and 1 two-story building into a mix of commercial office/retail on the ground floors of the buildings and seven market-rate apartment units on the 2nd floor of the twostory corner building; recommending the City's participation site through the allocation of **TIF** in an amount up to **$235,500.00** to offset costs such as acquisition, demolition, rehabilitation, architectural and engineering fees, and any public improvements to include **$15,000.00** in **TIF** contributions toward the street improvements along Farnam Street between 36th and 42nd Streets, but is subject to change as final costs come in; containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  over from 4/30/13 for publication and public hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 580  April 30 Meeting) Bridget Hadley, Planning Department, appeared and spoke.


Motion by Thompson that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Gray ROLL CALL: Yeas: Thompson, Festersen, Gernandt, Gray, Jerram, Stothert, Mr. President Res # 580  ADOPTED 7-0

Item 90

Res. that, the attached Aksarben Village Zone 8 - Gordmans **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for the redevelopment project site located at 1904 South 67th Street which contemplates the construction of a new, mixed-use building with approximately 117,000 gross square foot - 36,000 rentable square feet of retail space and 70,500 rentable square feet of Class A commercial office space; recommending the City's participation through the allocation of **TIF** in an amount up to **$3,587,000.00** to offset costs such as acquisition, site work, engineering and surveys, utilities and any public improvements, in addition to **$1,215,000.00** in **TIF** proceeds contributed by the developer to the Aksarben Village Infrastructure Escrow Account to pay the projects pro rata share of the overall public infrastructure costs for the Village area, but is subject to change as final costs come in; containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  over from 4/30/13 for publication and public hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 581  April 30 Meeting) THE FOLLOWING PERSONS APPEARED AND SPOKE: Proponent: Jay Noddle, Noddle Companies, Aksarben Village For the City: Bridget Hadley, Planning Department Motion by Jerram that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Thompson ROLL CALL: Yeas: Thompson, Festersen, Gernandt, Gray, Jerram, Stothert, Mr. President Res # 581  ADOPTED 7-0

Item 91

Res. that, as recommended by the Mayor, the bid in the total amount of **$62,500.00,** from TruGreen, to furnish labor and materials to remove all vegetation along the drainage ditch in Seymour Smith Park, 6802 Harrison Street, being the lowest and best bid received within bid specifications, attached hereto and made a part hereof, is hereby accepted. The Purchasing Agent is authorized to issue a purchase order in conformance herewith. Funds in this amount shall be paid from the 2010 Parks and Recreation Bond Fund No. 13355 and Organization No. 117317, Parks and Cultures Bond  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY))


THE FOLLOWING PERSONS APPEARED AND SPOKE: Proponent: Tim Corbett, General Manager, TruGreen, 10410 Polk Street Protestant: Larry Goertz, Blade Masters Ground Maintenance For the City: Michelle Peters, Assistant City Attorney Brook Bench, Acting Parks, Recreation and Public Property Director Motion by Thompson that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Gray ROLL CALL: Yeas: Thompson, Festersen, Gernandt, Gray, Jerram, Stothert, Mr. President Res # 697  ADOPTED 7-0 (a) Communication and pictures submitted by Larry Goertz, Blade Masters Grounds Maintenance, Inc., protesting the bid award for removing all vegetation along the drainage ditch in Seymour Smith Park, 6802 Harrison Street  see attached. # 697  From Chair on File "PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII F AGENDA ITEM NO. 92 SHALL BE LAID OVER THREE WEEKS FOR PUBLICATION AND PUBLIC HEARING" 92. Res. that, the attached Fairbanks Building, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for the redevelopment project site located at 1213 Harney Street which proposes the complete rehabilitation and re-use of the 4story, historic and former Antiquarium Building n/k/a as the Fairbanks Building into a mix of uses: commercial bays on the first floor and in the basement and 12 market-rate apartments on the upper levels of the building while parking for residential tenants will be arranged at nearby surface lots and/or parking garages; recommending the City's participation through the allocation of **TIF** in an amount up to **$479,758.00** inclusive of capitalized interest to offset costs such as acquisition, rehabilitation, architectural and engineering fees, survey(s), and any public improvements as may be required, in addition to **$15,000.00** of the **TIF** loan towards the Downtown Public Improvement Fund, but is subject to change as final costs come in; containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  see attached Notice of public hearing on June 11, 2013 published in the Daily Record on May 24, 2013. CCID # 711  Over three weeks to June 11, 2013 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII F. * * * * * * * * * * * * *

"PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII H DUE TO NO MEETING BEING HELD MAY 28, 2013 THE THIRD READING AND PUBLIC HEARINGS ON AGENDA ITEM NOS. 93 THROUGH 97 SHALL BE HELD ON JUNE 4, 2013"


# 2013-06-04

Item 82

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and 1405 Harney, LLC, a Nebraska limited liability company to implement the 1405 Harney, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan located at 1405 and 1407 Harney Street that provides for the adaptive reuse and rehabilitation of the 4-story, former commercial buildings into a mixed-use project comprised of ground floor commercial office and/or retail, and 18 market-rate apartments, mostly one bedroom units on the upper levels, in addition to parking options for the tenants and for the patrons of the new businesses available at the nearby Omaha Park 2 and the Paxton garages as well as area surface lots managed by Central Parking; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$633,989.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. CCID # 786  Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on June 11, 2013 as per City Charter requirements.



# 2013-06-11

Item 38
RESOLUTION 38. Res. that, the attached Fairbanks Building, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for the redevelopment project site located at 1213 Harney Street which proposes the complete rehabilitation and re-use of the 4story, historic and former Antiquarium Building n/k/a as the Fairbanks Building into a mix of uses: commercial bays on the first floor and in the basement and 12 market-rate apartments on the upper levels of the building while parking for residential tenants will be arranged at nearby surface lots and/or parking garages; recommending the City's participation through the allocation of **TIF** in an amount up to **$479,758.00** inclusive of capitalized interest to offset costs such as acquisition, rehabilitation, architectural and engineering fees, survey(s), and any public improvements as may be required, in addition to **$15,000.00** of the **TIF** loan towards the Downtown Public Improvement Fund, but is subject to change as final costs come in; containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  over from 5/21/13 for publication and public hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 711  May 21 Meeting) Cassie Seagren, Mayor's Office, on behalf of City Planning, appeared and spoke. Motion by Jerram that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Gray ROLL CALL: Yeas: Gernandt, Gray, Jerram, Melton, Pahls, Thompson, Mr. President Res # 711  ADOPTED 7-0 "PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII D THE PUBLIC HEARING ON AGENDA ITEM NO. 39 SHALL BE HELD ON THE THIRD READING"

Item 43

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and 1405 Harney, LLC, a Nebraska limited liability company to implement the 1405 Harney, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan located at 1405 and 1407 Harney Street that provides for the adaptive reuse and rehabilitation of the 4-story, former commercial buildings into a mixed-use project comprised of ground floor commercial office and/or retail, and 18 market-rate apartments, mostly one bedroom units on the upper levels, in addition to parking options for the tenants and for the patrons of the new businesses available at the nearby Omaha Park 2 and the Paxton garages as well as area surface lots managed by Central Parking; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$633,989.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 786  June 4 Meeting) CCID # 786  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for June 18, 2013 as per City Charter requirements.



# 2013-06-18

Item 23

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and 1405 Harney, LLC, a Nebraska limited liability company to implement the 1405 Harney, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan located at 1405 and 1407 Harney Street that provides for the adaptive reuse and rehabilitation of the 4-story, former commercial buildings into a mixed-use project comprised of ground floor commercial office and/or retail, and 18 market-rate apartments, mostly one bedroom units on the upper levels, in addition to parking options for the tenants and for the patrons of the new businesses available at the nearby Omaha Park 2 and the Paxton garages as well as area surface lots managed by Central Parking; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$633,989.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. (See Doc. # 786  June 4 and June 11 Meetings)

Notice of public hearing on June 11, 2013 published in the Daily Record on June 7, 2013. Ordinance passed June 18, 2013 published in the Daily Record on June 26, 2013. CCID # 786  Motion by Gernandt that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Gray ROLL CALL: Yeas: Gray, Jerram, Melton, Pahls, Thompson, Gernandt, Mr. President ORDINANCE # 39702  PASSED 7-0 Ord. to approve a Worker's Compensation Third Party Administration Service Agreement between the City of Omaha, a municipal corporation, and CorVel Enterprise Comp, Inc., involving the payment of money from appropriations of more than one (1) year in accordance with Section 5.17 of the Home Rule Charter of the City of Omaha, 1956, as amended; to provide workers' compensation third party coordinated administration, managed care, claims management, case management, and risk management information system services for the City's self-funded workers' compensation program for a period of three (3) years, with two one (1) year options at the City's sole discretion, at an annual cost to the City of Omaha of no more than **$280,000**; such funds to be paid in 2013 from Fund No. 11111, Organization No. 105011 and Fund No. 11111, Organization No. 118017, (50% from each) , and thereafter from Fund No. 11111 Organization No. 118017; and to provide an effective date hereof  see attached. (See Doc. # 787  June 4 and June 11 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on June 11, 2013 published in the Daily Record on June 7, 2013. Ordinance passed June 18, 2013 published in the Daily Record on June 26, 2013. CCID # 787  Motion by Gernandt that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Gray ROLL CALL: Yeas: Gray, Jerram, Melton, Pahls, Thompson, Gernandt, Mr. President ORDINANCE # 39703  PASSED 7-0

Item 34

Res. the attached 1301 Jones **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for the redevelopment project site located at 1301 and 1315 Jones Street which contemplates the complete redevelopment of a former carwash site and a storage facility within the Old Market area into a new 5-story multi-family, market-rate apartment building consisting of a total of 100 apartments on the 2 nd5th floors with apartment amenities on the 1st floor and 57 ground-level parking stalls underneath the residential floors; recommending the City's participation through the allocation of **TIF** in an amount up to **$1,471,382.00** to offset costs such as acquisition, site work, architectural and engineering fees, any public improvements which includes **$20,000.00** of the **TIF** loan contributed to the Downtown Public Improvement Fund as part of the total estimated project cost is **$12,871,669.00**; containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  see attached. Notice of public hearing on July 16, 2013 published in the Daily Record on June 21, 2013. CCID # 867  Over four weeks to July 16, 2013 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII H.


Item 35

Res. that, the attached Midtown Urban Living **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for the redevelopment project site located at 3105 Dewey Avenue and 506 South 31st Street which contemplates the complete rehabilitation of two adjacent, 3-story apartment buildings and one commercial bay on the west side of the 3105 Dewey Avenue building; recommending the City's participation through the allocation of **TIF** in an amount up to **$180,000.00** to offset costs such as acquisition, rehabilitation, and any public improvements of the total estimated project cost of **$1,384,500.00**; containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  see attached. Notice of public hearing on July 16, 2013 published in the Daily Record on June 21, 2013. CCID # 868  Over four weeks to July 16, 2013 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII H.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * "PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII D THE PUBLIC HEARINGS ON AGENDA ITEM NOS. 36 THROUGH 38 SHALL BE HELD ON THE THIRD READING"

ZONING ORDINANCES ON SECOND READING

Item 50

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and JMJ Partners, LLC, a Nebraska limited liability company to implement the JMJ Partners, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan located at 3924 Farnam Street, a/k/a 3922-3928 Farnam Streets; the project provides for the complete rehabilitation of 3 onestory buildings and 1 two-story building into a mix of commercial office/retail on the ground floor of each building and seven market-rate apartment units on the 2nd floor of the two-story corner building; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$246,897.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project which has an estimated total project cost of **$1,290,000**; and providing for an effective date  see attached. CCID # 876  Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on June 25, 2013 as per City Charter requirements.

Item 51

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and North Omaha Senior Cottages Limited Partnership Phase II, a Nebraska limited partnership to implement the North Omaha Senior Cottages Phase II **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan at the project site located at 5315 St. Richards Plaza, which is part of the redevelopment at the St. Richard's Campus and proposes the new construction of an additional 10 two-bedroom duplexes (20 units/cottages) on the north and west sides of the St. Richards Campus; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$212,955.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. CCID # 877  Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on June 25, 2013 as per City Charter requirements.


Item 52

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and Waitt Aksarben 8, LLC, a Nebraska limited liability company to implement the Aksarben Village Zone 8 - Gordmans **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan located at 1904 South 67th Street; this project proposes to construct a new, mixed-use building with approximately 117,000 gross square feet  approximately 36,000 rentable square feet of retail space and approximately 70,500 rentable square feet of Class A commercial office space; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$3,587,000.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project which has an estimated total cost of **$29,496,135**; and providing for an effective date  see attached. CCID # 878  Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on June 25, 2013 as per City Charter requirements.


# 2013-06-25

Item 39

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and JMJ Partners, LLC, a Nebraska limited liability company to implement the JMJ Partners, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan located at 3924 Farnam Street, a/k/a 3922-3928 Farnam Streets; the project provides for the complete rehabilitation of 3 onestory buildings and 1 two-story building into a mix of commercial office/retail on the ground floor of each building and seven market-rate apartment units on the 2nd floor of the two-story corner building; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$246,897.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project which has an estimated total project cost of **$1,290,000**; and providing for an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 876  June 18 Meeting) CCID # 876  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for July 2, 2013 as per City Charter requirements.


Item 40

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and North Omaha Senior Cottages Limited Partnership Phase II, a Nebraska limited partnership to implement the North Omaha Senior Cottages Phase II **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan at the project site located at 5315 St. Richards Plaza, which is part of the redevelopment at the St. Richard's Campus and proposes the new construction of an additional 10 two-bedroom duplexes (20 units/cottages) on the north and west sides of the St. Richards Campus; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$212,955.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 877  June 18 Meeting) CCID # 877  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for July 2, 2013 as per City Charter requirements.

Item 41

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and Waitt Aksarben 8, LLC, a Nebraska limited liability company to implement the Aksarben Village Zone 8 - Gordmans **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan located at 1904 South 67th Street; this project proposes to construct a new, mixed-use building with approximately 117,000 gross square feet  approximately 36,000 rentable square feet of retail space and approximately 70,500 rentable square feet of Class A commercial office space; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$3,587,000.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project which has an estimated total cost of **$29,496,135**; and providing for an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 878  June 18 Meeting) Jay Noddle, Aksarben Village, 2285 South 67th Street, appeared and spoke. CCID # 878  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for July 2, 2013 as per City Charter requirements.


# 2013-07-02

Item 20

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and JMJ Partners, LLC, a Nebraska limited liability company to implement the JMJ Partners, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan located at 3924 Farnam Street, a/k/a 3922-3928 Farnam Streets; the project provides for the complete rehabilitation of 3 onestory buildings and 1 two-story building into a mix of commercial office/retail on the ground floor of each building and seven market-rate apartment units on the 2nd floor of the two-story corner building; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$246,897.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project which has an estimated total project cost of **$1,290,000**; and providing for an effective date  see attached. (See Doc. # 876  June 18 and June 25 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on June 25, 2013 published in the Daily Record on June 21, 2013. Ordinance passed July 2, 2013 published in the Daily Record on July 10, 2013.

CCID # 876  Ordinance read Motion by Gray that the Ordinance be PASSED AS AMENDED Seconded by Jerram ROLL CALL: Yeas: Melton, Pahls, Thompson, Gernandt, Gray, Jerram, Mr. President ORDINANCE # 39725  PASSED 7-0 (a) Amendment requested by the Planning Department  see attached. # 876  Motion by Gray that the Amendment be approved Seconded by Melton ROLL CALL: Yeas: Melton, Pahls, Thompson, Gernandt, Gray, Jerram, Mr. President Motion Carried 7-0

Item 21

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and North Omaha Senior Cottages Limited Partnership Phase II, a Nebraska limited partnership to implement the North Omaha Senior Cottages Phase II **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan at the project site located at 5315 St. Richards Plaza, which is part of the redevelopment at the St. Richard's Campus and p roposes the new construction of an additional 10 two-bedroom duplexes (20 units/cottages) on the north and west sides of the St. Richards Campus; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$212,955.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. (See Doc. # 877  June 18 and June 25 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on June 25, 2013 published in the Daily Record on June 21, 2013. Ordinance passed July 2, 2013 published in the Daily Record on July 10, 2013. CCID # 877  Motion by Gray that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Melton ROLL CALL: Yeas: Melton, Pahls, Thompson, Gernandt, Gray, Jerram, Mr. President ORDINANCE # 39722  PASSED 7-0


Item 22

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and Waitt Aksarben 8, LLC, a Nebraska limited liability company to implement the Aksarben Village Zone 8 - Gordmans **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan located at 1904 South 67th Street; this project proposes to construct a new, mixed-use building with approximately 117,000 gross square feet  approximately 36,000 rentable square feet of retail space and approximately 70,500 rentable square feet of Class A commercial office space; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$3,587,000.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project which has an estimated total cost of **$29,496,135**; and providing for an effective date  see attached. (See Doc. # 878  June 18 and June 25 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on June 25, 2013 published in the Daily Record on June 21, 2013. Ordinance passed July 2, 2013 published in the Daily Record on July 10, 2013. CCID # 878  Motion by Gray that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Melton ROLL CALL: Yeas: Melton, Pahls, Thompson, Gernandt, Gray, Jerram, Mr. President ORDINANCE # 39723  PASSED 7-0


# 2013-07-16

Item 34

Res. the attached 1301 Jones **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for the redevelopment project site located at 1301 and 1315 Jones Street which contemplates the complete redevelopment of a former carwash site and a storage facility within the Old Market area into a new 5-story multi-family, market-rate apartment building consisting of a total of 100 apartments on the 2 nd5th floors with apartment amenities on the 1st floor and 57 ground-level parking stalls underneath the residential floors; recommending the City's participation through the allocation of **TIF** in an amount up to **$1,471,382.00** to offset costs such as acquisition, site work, architectural and engineering fees, any public improvements which includes **$20,000.00** of the **TIF** loan contributed to the Downtown Public Improvement Fund as part of the total estimated project cost is **$12,871,669.00**; containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  over from 6/18/13 for publication and public hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 867  June 18 Meeting) THE FOLLOWING PERSONS APPEARED AND SPOKE: Proponent: Dominic Vacarro, 1004 Farnam Street For the City: Bridget Hadley, Planning Department Motion by Gray that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Jerram ROLL CALL: Yeas: Pahls, Thompson, Gernandt, Gray, Jerram, Melton, Mr. President Res # 867  ADOPTED 7-0


Item 35

Res. that, the attached Midtown Urban Living **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for the redevelopment project site located at 3105 Dewey Avenue and 506 South 31st Street which contemplates the complete rehabilitation of two adjacent, 3-story apartment buildings and one commercial bay on the west side of the 3105 Dewey Avenue building; recommending the City's participation through the allocation of **TIF** in an amount up to **$180,000.00** to offset costs such as acquisition, rehabilitation, and any public improvements of the total estimated project cost of **$1,384,500.00**; containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  over from 6/18/13 for publication and public hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 868  June 18 Meeting) THE FOLLOWING PERSONS APPEARED AND SPOKE: Proponent: Terry Christensen, 325 South 178th Avenue For the City: Bridget Hadley, Planning Department Motion by Thompson that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Gray ROLL CALL: Yeas: Pahls, Thompson, Gernandt, Gray, Jerram, Melton, Mr. President Res # 868  ADOPTED 7-0


# 2013-07-23

Item 64

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and 16th & Harney, LLC, a Nebraska limited liability company to implement The Lerner Building **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan at the project site located at 325 South 16th Street, which represents the adaptive re-use and conversion of the former Lerner Building, n/k/a The District building, into a mixed-use redevelopment project comprised of commercial and residential uses; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$1,000,172.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. CCID # 995  Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on July 30, 2013 as per City Charter requirements.



# 2013-07-30

Item 32

Res. that, the attached Contract between the Metropolitan Area Planning Agency and the City of Omaha, setting forth that the City of Omaha, through its Planning Department, agrees to perform planning activities which will include but not be limited to the evaluation of the effects of population, housing, land use, and the developmental trends on the City of Omaha transportation system, is hereby approved, and the Mayor and City Clerk are hereby authorized to execute and attest the attached Contract. In-kind services provided by the Planning Department or funds in the amount of Forty-Six Thousand Eight Hundred Eighty and No/100 Dollars (**$46,880.00**) shall be paid from the Planning Department, Fund No. 11111 and Organization No. 109031  see attached. Motion by Thompson that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Melton ROLL CALL: Yeas: Gernandt, Jerram, Melton, Pahls, Thompson, Mr. President Absent: Festersen Res # 1033  ADOPTED 6-0

((MOTION NEEDED THAT THE RESOLUTIONS ON THE CONSENT AGENDA BE ADOPTED))

* * * * * * * * * * * * *


"PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII F AGENDA ITEM NOS. 33 THROUGH 34 SHALL BE LAID OVER THREE WEEKS FOR PUBLICATION AND PUBLIC HEARING" RESOLUTIONS 33. Res. that, the attached Capitol District **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for the redevelopment project site located at the northwest and southeast corners of 10th and Capitol Avenue which represents an urban mixed-use redevelopment project within Downtown Omaha that contemplates a 350 room, full-service hotel adjacent to the City of Omaha's Arena and Convention Center, CenturyLink Center Omaha as well as additional development components such as retail, office, and residential structures, and a parking structure; recommending the City's participation through the allocation of **TIF** in an amount up to **$35,000,000.00** to offset costs such as acquisition, site work, architectural and engineering, surveys, studies, and any public improvements, but is subject to change as final costs come in; containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 182150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  see attached. Notice of public hearing on August 20, 2013 published in the Daily Record on August 1, 2013 and August 8, 2013. CCID # 1023  Over three weeks to August 20, 2013 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII F. 34. Res. the attached Cypress Pointe II **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for the redevelopment project site, comprised of approximately 3.5 acres of undeveloped land, located at the southwest corner of 60th and Hartman Avenue which contemplates the new construction of two 3story, 40 unit buildings, with each building consisting of 64,150 gross square feet and including 40 stalls of underground parking as well as parking above ground totaling 80 affordable units for households with at least one senior 55 years of age and older; recommending the City's participation through the allocation of **TIF** in an amount up to **$668,773.00** to offset costs such as acquisition, site work, architectural and engineering fees, surveys and any public improvements, but is subject to change as final costs come in; containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  see attached. Notice of public hearing on August 20, 2013 published in the Daily Record on August 1, 2013 and August 8, 2013. CCID # 1024  Over three weeks to August 20, 2013 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII F. * * * * * * * * * * * * *

"PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII H DUE TO NO MEETING BEING HELD AUGUST 6, 2013 THE THIRD READING AND PUBLIC HEARINGS ON AGENDA ITEM NOS. 35 THROUGH 37 SHALL BE HELD ON AUGUST 13, 2013"

ZONING ORDINANCES ON SECOND READING

Item 39

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and 16th & Harney, LLC, a Nebraska limited liability company to implement The Lerner Building **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan at the project site located at 325 South 16th Street, which represents the adaptive re-use and conversion of the former Lerner Building, n/k/a The District building, into a mixed-use redevelopment project comprised of commercial and residential uses; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$1,000,172.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 995  July 23 Meeting) Bridget Hadley, Planning Department, appeared and spoke. CCID # 995  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for August 13, 2013 pursuant to City Council Rule VII H.

Item 43

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and Fairbanks Building, LLC, a Nebraska limited liability company to implement the Fairbanks Building, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan located at 1213 Harney Street which provides for the complete rehabilitation and conversion of the 4-story historic structure formerly known as the Antiquarium Building into a mix of uses: commercial bays on the first floor and in the basement, and market-rate apartments on the upper levels of the building; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$479,758.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project which has an estimated total project cost of **$3,450,000.00**; and providing for an effective date  see attached. CCID # 1034  Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on August 13, 2013 pursuant to City Council Rule VII H.


# 2013-08-13

Item 37

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and 16th & Harney, LLC, a Nebraska limited liability company to implement The Lerner Building **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan at the project site located at 325 South 16th Street, which represents the adaptive re-use and conversion of the former Lerner Building, n/k/a The District building, into a mixed-use redevelopment project comprised of commercial and residential uses; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$1,000,172.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. (See Doc. # 995  July 23 and July 30 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on July 30, 2013 published in the Daily Record on July 26, 2013. Ordinance passed August 13, 2013 published in the Daily Record on August 21, 2013. CCID # 995  Motion by Gray that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Melton ROLL CALL: Yeas: Gray, Jerram, Melton, Pahls, Thompson, Gernandt, Mr. President ORDINANCE # 39741  PASSED 7-0

Item 56

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and Fairbanks Building, LLC, a Nebraska limited liability company to implement the Fairbanks Building, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan located at 1213 Harney Street which provides for the complete rehabilitation and conversion of the 4-story historic structure formerly known as the Antiquarium Building into a mix of uses: commercial bays on the first floor and in the basement, and market-rate apartments on the upper levels of the building; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$479,758.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project which has an estimated total project cost of **$3,450,000.00**; and providing for an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1034  July 30 Meeting) Bridget Hadley, Planning Department, appeared and spoke. CCID # 1034  Public hearing was held today  Final reading to be held on August 20, 2013 as per City Charter requirements.


Item 74

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and Omaha Economic Development Corporation, a Nebraska Corporation, to implement the Fair Deals Urban District Phase I **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan located along 25th Street between Patrick Avenue & Blondo Street which proposes constructing five (5) new single family rental homes; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$83,000.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project which has an estimated total project cost of **$1,088,642.00**; and providing for an effective date  see attached. CCID # 1099 - Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on August 20, 2013 as per City Charter requirements.


Item 75

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and LFS/AK, LLC a Nebraska limited liability company, to implement the Aksarben M-U Project at 72nd & Poppleton Streets **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan located between 70th and 72nd Streets and between Poppleton and Pine Streets; this project will complement the various projects being developed within the Aksarben Village Redevelopment Area; the redevelopment project contemplates a mixed-use project that includes an assisted living facility, a four-story 92 room hotel, and a one to two-story approximately 10,000 square feet commercial structure; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$4,035,116.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. CCID # 1100 - Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on August 20, 2013 as per City Charter requirements.


# 2013-08-20

Item 16

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and Fairbanks Building, LLC, a Nebraska limited liability company to implement the Fairbanks Building, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan located at 1213 Harney Street which provides for the complete rehabilitation and conversion of the 4-story historic structure formerly known as the Antiquarium Building into a mix of uses: commercial bays on the first floor and in the basement, and market-rate apartments on the upper levels of the building; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$479,758.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project which has an estimated total project cost of **$3,450,000.00**; and providing for an effective date  see attached. (See Doc. # 1034  July 30 and August 13 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on August 13, 2013 published in the Daily Record on August 2, 2013. Ordinance passed August 20, 2013 published in the Daily Record on August 28, 2013. CCID # 1034  Motion by Jerram that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Gray ROLL CALL: Yeas: Jerram, Melton, Pahls, Thompson, Gernandt, Gray, Mr. President ORDINANCE # 39744  PASSED 7-0

Item 28
RESOLUTIONS 28. Res. that, the attached Capitol District **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for the redevelopment project site located at the northwest and southeast corners of 10th and Capitol Avenue which represents an urban mixed-use redevelopment project within Downtown Omaha that contemplates a 350 room, full-service hotel adjacent to the City of Omaha's Arena and Convention Center, CenturyLink Center Omaha as well as additional development components such as retail, office, and residential structures, and a parking structure; recommending the City's participation through the allocation of **TIF** in an amount up to **$35,000,000.00** to offset costs such as acquisition, site work, architectural and engineering, surveys, studies, and any public improvements, but is subject to change as final costs come in; containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 182150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  over from 7/30/13 for publication and public hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1023  July 30 Meeting) THE FOLLOWING PERSONS APPEARED AND SPOKE: Proponent: Larry Jobeun, Attorney representing Shamrock Development, 11440 West Center Road For the City: Bridget Hadley, Planning Department Cassie Seagren, Mayor's Office Motion by Thompson that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Gray ROLL CALL: Yeas: Jerram, Melton, Pahls, Thompson, Gernandt, Gray, Mr. President Res # 1023  ADOPTED 7-0 29. Res. the attached Cypress Pointe II **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for the redevelopment project site, comprised of approximately 3.5 acres of undeveloped land, located at the southwest corner of 60th and Hartman Avenue which contemplates the new construction of two 3story, 40 unit buildings, with each building consisting of 64,150 gross square feet and including 40 stalls of underground parking as well as parking above ground totaling 80 affordable units for households with at least one senior 55 years of age and older; recommending the City's participation through the allocation of **TIF** in an amount up to **$668,773.00** to offset costs such as acquisition, site work, architectural and engineering fees, surveys and any public improvements, but is subject to change as final costs come in; containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  over from 7/30/13 for publication and public hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1024  July 30 Meeting)

THE FOLLOWING PERSONS APPEARED AND SPOKE: Proponent: Paula Ryan, Excel Development, 8551 Lexington Avenue, Lincoln, NE For the City: Bridget Hadley, Planning Department Motion by Gray that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Thompson ROLL CALL: Yeas: Jerram, Melton, Pahls, Thompson, Gernandt, Gray, Mr. President Res # 1024  ADOPTED 7-0 "PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII D THE PUBLIC HEARINGS ON AGENDA ITEM NOS. 30 THROUGH 38 SHALL BE HELD ON THE THIRD READING"

Item 41

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and Omaha Economic Development Corporation, a Nebraska Corporation, to implement the Fair Deals Urban District Phase I **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan located along 25th Street between Patrick Avenue & Blondo Street which proposes constructing five (5) new single family rental homes; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$83,000.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project which has an estimated total project cost of **$1,088,642.00**; and providing for an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1099  August 13 Meeting) CCID # 1099  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for August 27, 2013 as per City Charter requirements.

Item 42

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and LFS/AK, LLC a Nebraska limited liability company to implement the Aksarben M-U Project at 72nd & Poppleton Streets **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan located between 70th and 72nd Streets and between Poppleton and Pine Streets; this project will complement the various projects being developed within the Aksarben Village Redevelopment Area; the redevelopment project contemplates a mixed-use project that includes an assisted living facility, a four-story 92 room hotel, and a one to two-story approximately 10,000 square feet commercial structure; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$4,035,116.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1100  August 13 Meeting) CCID # 1100  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for August 27, 2013 as per City Charter requirements.

Item 61

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and 1301 Holdings, LLC, a Nebraska limited liability company to implement the 1301 Holdings, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan located at 1301 and 1315 Jones Street which provides for the demolition and removal of the car wash site and storage facility and the construction of a 5-story multi-family, market-rate apartment building consisting of a total of 100 apartments (studio, one and two bedrooms), 57 ground-level parking stalls underneath the residential floors and related facilities; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$1,471,382.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project which has an estimated total project cost of **$12,871,669.00**; and providing for an effective date  see attached. CCID # 1123  Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on August 27, 2013 as per City Charter requirements.

Item 62

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and Midtown Urban Living, LLC, a Nebraska limited liability company to implement the Midtown Urban Living, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan which provides for the complete rehabilitation of two adjacent, 3-story residential buildings located at 3105 Dewey Avenue and 506 South 31st Street; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$180,000.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project which has an estimated total project cost of **$1,384,500.00**; and providing for an effective date  see attached. CCID # 1124  Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on August 27, 2013 as per City Charter requirements.



# 2013-08-27

Item 50

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and Omaha Economic Development Corporation, a Nebraska Corporation, to implement the Fair Deals Urban District Phase I **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan located along 25th Street between Patrick Avenue & Blondo Street which proposes constructing five (5) new single family rental homes; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$83,000.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project which has an estimated total project cost of **$1,088,642.00**; and providing for an effective date  see attached. (See Doc. # 1099  August 13 and August 20 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on August 20, 2013 published in the Daily Record on August 16, 2013. Ordinance passed August 27, 2013 published in the Daily Record on September 9, 2013. CCID # 1099  Motion by Gray that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Gernandt ROLL CALL: Yeas: Melton, Pahls, Thompson, Gernandt, Gray, Jerram, Mr. President ORDINANCE # 39759  PASSED 7-0


Item 51

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and LFS/AK, LLC a Nebraska limited liability company to implement the Aksarben M-U Project at 72nd & Poppleton Streets **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan located between 70th and 72nd Streets and between Poppleton and Pine Streets; this project will complement the various projects being developed within the Aksarben Village Redevelopment Area; the redevelopment project contemplates a mixed-use project that includes an assisted living facility, a four-story 92 room hotel, and a one to two-story approximately 10,000 square feet commercial structure; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$4,035,116.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. (See Doc. # 1100  August 13 and August 20 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on August 20, 2013 published in the Daily Record on August 16, 2013. Ordinance passed August 27, 2013 published in the Daily Record on September 9, 2013. CCID # 1100  Motion by Gray that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Gernandt ROLL CALL: Yeas: Melton, Pahls, Thompson, Gernandt, Gray, Jerram, Mr. President ORDINANCE # 39760  PASSED 7-0

Item 69
RESOLUTIONS 69. Res. that, the attached Triple C Development **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for the redevelopment project site located at 2601 North 16th Street which proposes the construction of an 8,423 square foot onestory structure for a new Family Dollar Store as well as related public improvements; recommending the City's participation through the allocation of **TIF** in an amount up to **$180,000.00** to offset the **TIF** eligible costs such as site work, demolition, architectural and engineering fees, and the construction of public improvements as required; containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved - see attached. CCID # 1173  Over three (3) weeks to September 17, 2013 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VIIF.

Item 70

Res. that, the attached Village East Senior Apts **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for the redevelopment project site located at 2011 North 25th Street which contemplates the construction of a new three-story, forty (40) unit multi-family structure; recommending the City's participation through the allocation of **TIF** in an amount up to **$163,992.00** to offset costs such as site work, demolition, architectural and engineering fees, and any public improvements; containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  see attached. CCID # 1174  Over three (3) weeks to September 17, 2013 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VIIF.

* * * * * * * * * * * * *


APPEAL RE: BID REJECTION & RESOLUTION

Item 88

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and 1301 Holdings, LLC, a Nebraska limited liability company to implement the 1301 Holdings, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan located at 1301 and 1315 Jones Street which provides for the demolition and removal of the car wash site and storage facility and the construction of a 5-story multi-family, market-rate apartment building consisting of a total of 100 apartments (studio, one and two bedrooms), 57 ground-level parking stalls underneath the residential floors and related facilities; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$1,471,382.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project which has an estimated total project cost of **$12,871,669.00**; and providing for an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1123  August 20 Meeting) Bridget Hadley, Planning Department, appeared and spoke. CCID # 1123  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for September 10, 2013 pursuant to City Council Rule VIIH.


Item 89

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and Midtown Urban Living, LLC, a Nebraska limited liability company to implement the Midtown Urban Living, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan which provides for the complete rehabilitation of two adjacent, 3-story residential buildings located at 3105 Dewey Avenue and 506 South 31st Street; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$180,000.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project which has an estimated total project cost of **$1,384,500.00**; and providing for an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1124  August 20 Meeting) Bridget Hadley, Planning Department, appeared and spoke. CCID # 1124  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for September 10, 2013 pursuant to City Council Rule VIIH.


# 2013-09-10

Item 44

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and 1301 Holdings, LLC, a Nebraska limited liability company to implement the 1301 Holdings, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan located at 1301 and 1315 Jones Street which provides for the demolition and removal of the car wash site and storage facility and the construction of a 5-story multi-family, market-rate apartment building consisting of a total of 100 apartments (studio, one and two bedrooms), 57 ground-level parking stalls underneath the residential floors and related facilities; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$1,471,382.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project which has an estimated total project cost of **$12,871,669.00**; and providing for an effective date  see attached. (See Doc. # 1123  August 20 and August 27 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on August 27, 2013 published in the Daily Record on August 23, 2013. Ordinance passed on September 10, 2013 published in the Daily Record on September 18, 2013. CCID # 1123  Motion by Gernandt that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Gray ROLL CALL: Yeas: Pahls, Thompson, Gernandt, Gray, Jerram, Melton, Mr. President ORDINANCE # 39778 PASSED 7-0

Item 45

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and Midtown Urban Living, LLC, a Nebraska limited liability company to implement the Midtown Urban Living, LLC **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan which provides for the complete rehabilitation of two adjacent, 3-story residential buildings located at 3105 Dewey Avenue and 506 South 31st Street; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$180,000.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project which has an estimated total project cost of **$1,384,500.00**; and providing for an effective date  see attached. (See Doc. # 1124  August 20 and August 27 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on August 27, 2013 published in the Daily Record on August 23, 2013. Ordinance passed on September 10, 2013 published in the Daily Record on September 18, 2013.

CCID # 1124  Motion by Gernandt that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Gray

ROLL CALL: Yeas: Pahls, Thompson, Gernandt, Gray, Jerram, Melton, Mr. President ORDINANCE # 39779  PASSED 7-0


# 2013-09-17

Item 27

Res. that, the attached Triple C Development **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for the redevelopment project site located at 2601 North 16th Street which proposes the construction of an 8,423 square foot onestory structure for a new Family Dollar Store as well as related public improvements; recommending the City's participation through the allocation of **TIF** in an amount up to **$180,000.00** to offset the **TIF** eligible costs such as site work, demolition, architectural and engineering fees, and the construction of public improvements as required; containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  over from 8/27/13 for publication and public hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1173  August 27 Meeting) THE FOLLOWING PERSONS APPEARED AND SPOKE: Proponent: Fran Blanchard, Triple C Development, Centre, AL For the City: Bridget Hadley, Planning Department Motion by Gray that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Thompson ROLL CALL: Yeas: Thompson, Gernandt, Gray, Jerram, Melton, Pahls, Mr. President Res. # 1173  ADOPTED 7-0

Item 28

Res. that, the attached Village East Senior Apts **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for the redevelopment project site located at 2011 North 25th Street which contemplates the construction of a new three-story, forty (40) unit multi-family structure; recommending the City's participation through the allocation of **TIF** in an amount up to **$163,992.00** to offset costs such as site work, demolition, architectural and engineering fees, and any public improvements; containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  over from 8/27/13 for publication and public hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1174  August 27 Meeting) THE FOLLOWING PERSONS APPEARED AND SPOKE: For the City: Bridget Hadley, Planning Department James Thele, Planning Department


Motion by Gray that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Melton ROLL CALL: Yeas: Thompson, Gernandt, Gray, Jerram, Melton, Pahls, Mr. President Res. # 1174  ADOPTED 7-0 "PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII F AGENDA ITEM NO. 29 SHALL BE LAID OVER THREE WEEKS FOR PUBLICATION AND PUBLIC HEARING" 29. Res. that, the attached 1011 South 30th Avenue **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for the redevelopment project site located at 1011 South 30th Avenue which contemplates the complete rehabilitation of this vacant, two-story multi-family structure into its original configuration of a 15 unit apartment building within the Park Avenue and Leavenworth neighborhoods in the Midtown area; recommending the City's participation through the allocation of **TIF** in an amount up to **$145,000.00** to offset costs such as acquisition, site work, demolition, rehabilitation and any public improvements, but is subject to change as final costs come in; containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  see attached. Notice of public hearing on October 8, 2013 published in the Daily Record and the Omaha World Herald on September 19, 2013 and September 26, 2013. CCID # 1259  Over three weeks to October 8, 2013 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII F. * * * * * * * * * * * * * "PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII D THE PUBLIC HEARINGS ON AGENDA ITEM NOS. 30 THROUGH 37 SHALL BE HELD ON THE THIRD READING"

Item 43

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** (**TIF**) loan agreement between the City of Omaha and Integrated Realty Resources, LLC n/k/a The Nottingham, LLC, a Nebraska limited liability company to implement the Nottingham at Gifford Park **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan located at 3304 Burt Street; the owner will rehabilitate the historic Nottingham Apartment building and parking area; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$535,349.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. CCID # 1273  Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on September 24, 2013 as per City Charter requirements.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVE SESSION


# 2013-09-24

Item 34

Res. that the reappointment by Mayor Jean Stothert of Michael G. McEvoy as a journeyman member of the Board of Steamfitter/and Pipefitter Examiners, to serve a term concurrent with the term of the City Council commencing upon confirmation by the City Council and expiring June 5, 2017, be and hereby is confirmed and approved  see attached. Motion by Gray that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Gernandt ROLL CALL: Yeas: Gernandt, Gray, Jerram, Melton, Pahls, Thompson, Mr. President Res. # 1297  ADOPTED 7-0

((MOTION NEEDED THAT THE RESOLUTIONS ON THE CONSENT AGENDA BE ADOPTED))

* * * * * * * * * * * * * "PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII H DUE TO NO MEETING BEING HELD OCTOBER 15, 2013 AGENDA ITEM NOS. 35 THROUGH 37 SHALL BE LAID OVER FOUR WEEKS FOR PUBLICATION AND PUBLIC HEARING" RESOLUTIONS 35. Res. that, the attached KETV Office and Studio Facility **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for the project site located at 1001 South 10th Street which proposes the adaptive reuse and conversion of the two-story, historic former Burlington Railroad Station into the office headquarters and studio facility for KETV, and includes the vacation of approximately 7,520 square feet of the existing South 9th Street right-of-way; recommending the City's participation through the allocation of **TIF** in an amount up to **$1,279,845.00** to offset **TIF** eligible costs such as acquisition, rehabilitation, site work, demolition, architectural and engineering fees, any environmental, as well as any public infrastructure improvements, but is subject to change as final costs come in; containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  see attached. Notice of public hearing on October 22, 2013 published in the Daily Record and the Omaha World Herald on September 26, 2013 and October 3, 2013. CCID # 1293  Over four weeks to October 22, 2013 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII H.


Item 36

Res. that, the attached Mid-America Medical Office **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for the 5.47 acre redevelopment project site located at 7100 West Center Road which contemplates the complete demolition of the existing structure, the new construction of a 6-story, 120,000 square foot medical office building, more than 360 parking stalls, and also contemplates a new access ramp on West Center Road connecting to 72 nd Street south of the entrance to the project site, replacing the existing access ramp; recommending the City's participation through the allocation of **TIF** in an amount up to **$4,777,391.00** to offset **TIF** eligible costs such as acquisition, site preparation, architectural and engineering fees, and any public improvements as required including the new access ramp, but is subject to change as final costs come in; containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  see attached. Notice of public hearing on October 22, 2013 published in the Daily Record and the Omaha World Herald on September 26, 2013 and October 3, 2013. CCID # 1294  Over four weeks to October 22, 2013 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII H.

Item 37

Res. that, the attached The Wire **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for the project site located at 100 South 19th Street which contemplates an adaptive re-use and conversion of the historically significant office building and headquarters of the former Northwestern Bell Telephone Company into nearly 300 market rate apartment units on the top 10 floors, ground floor commercial space and parking from the 2 nd floor to the basement; recommending the City's participation through the allocation of **TIF** in an amount up to **$6,400,000.00** to offset **TIF** eligible costs such as acquisition, site prep, rehabilitation, architectural and engineering fees, environmental and any public improvements, but is subject to change as final costs come in; containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 182150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  see attached. Notice of public hearing on October 22, 2013 published in the Daily Record and the Omaha World Herald on September 26, 2013 and October 3, 2013. CCID # 1295  Over four weeks to October 22, 2013 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII H.

* * * * * * * * * * * * *


"PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII D THE PUBLIC HEARINGS ON AGENDA ITEM NOS. 38 THROUGH 40 SHALL BE HELD ON THE THIRD READING"

Item 41
ORDINANCE ON SECOND READING 41. Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** (**TIF**) loan agreement between the City of Omaha and Integrated Realty Resources, LLC n/k/a The Nottingham, LLC, a Nebraska limited liability company to implement the Nottingham at Gifford Park **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan located at 3304 Burt Street; the owner will rehabilitate the historic Nottingham Apartment building and parking area; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$535,349.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1273  September 10 Meeting) Bridget Hadley, Planning Department, appeared and spoke. CCID # 1273  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for October 1, 2013 as per City Charter requirements. (a) Amendment requested by the Planning Department  see attached. # 1273  Over to 10/01/13

EXECUTIVE SESSION


# 2013-10-01

Item 33
ORDINANCE ON FINAL READING 33. Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** (**TIF**) loan agreement between the City of Omaha and Integrated Realty Resources, LLC n/k/a The Nottingham, LLC, a Nebraska limited liability company to implement the Nottingham at Gifford Park **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan located at 3304 Burt Street; the owner will rehabilitate the historic Nottingham Apartment building and parking area; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$535,349.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING HELD 9/24/13  CAN BE PASSED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1273  September 17 and September 24 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on September 24, 2013 published in the Daily Record on September 20, 2013. Ordinance passed on October 1, 2013 published in the Daily Record on October 9, 2013. CCID # 1273  Ordinance read Motion by Gray that the Ordinance be PASSED AS AMENDED Seconded by Festersen ROLL CALL: Yeas: Gray, Jerram, Melton, Pahls, Thompson, Gernandt, Mr. President ORDINANCE # 39799  PASSED AS AMENDED 7-0 (a) Amendment requested by the Planning Department  over from 9/24/13  see attached. (See Doc. # 1273  September 24 Meeting) # 1273  Motion by Gray that the Amendment be approved Seconded by Melton ROLL CALL: Yeas: Gray, Jerram, Melton, Pahls, Thompson, Gernandt, Mr. President Motion Carried 7-0

Item 39

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and Cypress Pointe II, LLC, a Nebraska limited liability company, to implement the Cypress Pointe II **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan located at the southwest corner of 60 th and Hartman Avenue which proposes the construction of two 3-story, 40 unit buildings with affordable residential units for households with at least one senior 55 years of age and older; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$668,773.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project which has an estimated total project cost of **$9,929,533.00**; and providing for an effective date  see attached. CCID # 1321  Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on October 8, 2013 as per City Charter requirements.

Item 40

Ord. to approve an Amendment to Redevelopment Agreement between the City of Omaha, a Nebraska Municipal Corporation in Douglas County, Nebraska, and CO2, LLC, a Nebraska Limited Liability Company, as approved by Ordinance No. 39184, on December 13, 2011; to authorize payment in the amount of eighty-two thousand, four hundred seventy-one dollars and eight cents (**$82,471.08**) to reimburse CO2, LLC for stormwater work performed at the City's request and located directly south of the **TIF** redevelopment project at 10th & Worthington Streets; authorizing payment for the cost of the services from Fund 13123, Org. 117217; and to provide for an effective date hereof  see attached. CCID # 1324  Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on October 8, 2013 as per City Charter requirements.


# 2013-10-08

Item 28

Res. that, as recommended by the Mayor, the bid in the total amount of **$56,243.54,** from Navarro Enterprise Construction to furnish all labor, materials, and equipment necessary to complete the renovation and repaving of the parking lot at the Columbus Park Community Center, 1515 South 24 th Street, being the lowest and best bid received within bid specifications, attached hereto and made a part hereof, is hereby accepted. The Purchasing Agent is authorized to issue a purchase order in conformance herewith. Funds in this amount shall be paid from the 2010 Parks and Recreation Bond Fund No. 13355 and Organization No. 117317, Parks and Cultures Bond  see attached. Motion by Gray that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Gernandt ROLL CALL: Yeas: Jerram, Melton, Pahls, Thompson, Gernandt, Gray, Mr. President Res. # 1357  ADOPTED 7-0

((MOTION NEEDED THAT THE RESOLUTIONS ON THE CONSENT AGENDA BE ADOPTED)) * * * * * * * * * * * * * RESOLUTION 29. Res. that, the attached 1011 South 30th Avenue **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for the redevelopment project site located at 1011 South 30th Avenue which contemplates the complete rehabilitation of this vacant, two-story multi-family structure into its original configuration of a 15 unit apartment building within the Park Avenue and Leavenworth neighborhoods in the Midtown area; recommending the City's participation through the allocation of **TIF** in an amount up to **$145,000.00** to offset costs such as acquisition, site work, demolition, rehabilitation and any public improvements, but is subject to change as final costs come in; containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  over from 9/17/13 for publication and public hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1259  September 17 Meeting)


THE FOLLOWING PERSONS APPEARED AND SPOKE: Proponent: Chris Henry Turner, Controller, SL Jensen Construction & Administrator of 1011 South 30th Avenue LLC For the City: Bridget Hadley, Planning Department Motion by Thompson that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Jerram ROLL CALL: Yeas: Jerram, Melton, Pahls, Thompson, Gernandt, Gray, Mr. President Res. # 1259  ADOPTED 7-0 "PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII H DUE TO NO MEETING BEING HELD OCTOBER 15, 2013 THE THIRD READING AND PUBLIC HEARINGS ON AGENDA ITEM NOS. 30 THROUGH 34 SHALL BE HELD ON OCTOBER 22, 2013"

Item 37

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and Cypress Pointe II, LLC, a Nebraska limited liability company, to implement the Cypress Pointe II **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan located at the southwest corner of 60 th and Hartman Avenue which proposes the construction of two 3-story, 40 unit buildings with affordable residential units for households with at least one senior 55 years of age and older; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$668,773.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project which has an estimated total project cost of **$9,929,533.00**; and providing for an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1321  October 1 Meeting) Bridget Hadley, Planning Department, appeared and spoke. CCID # 1321  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for October 22, 2013 pursuant to City Council Rule VII H.

Item 38

Ord. to approve an Amendment to Redevelopment Agreement between the City of Omaha, a Nebraska Municipal Corporation in Douglas County, Nebraska, and CO2, LLC, a Nebraska Limited Liability Company, as approved by Ordinance No. 39184, on December 13, 2011; to authorize payment in the amount of eighty-two thousand, four hundred seventy-one dollars and eight cents (**$82,471.08**) to reimburse CO2, LLC for storm water work performed at the City's request and located directly south of the **TIF** redevelopment project at 10th & Worthington Streets; authorizing payment for the cost of the services from Fund 13123, Org. 117217; and to provide for an effective date hereof - see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1324  October 1 Meeting)


Bridget Hadley, Planning Department, appeared and spoke. CCID # 1324  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for October 22, 2013 pursuant to City Council Rule VII H.


# 2013-10-22

Item 40

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and Cypress Pointe II, LLC, a Nebraska limited liability company, to implement the Cypress Pointe II **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan located at the southwest corner of 60 th and Hartman Avenue which proposes the construction of two 3-story, 40 unit buildings with affordable residential units for households with at least one senior 55 years of age and older; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$668,773.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project which has an estimated total project cost of **$9,929,533.00**; and providing for an effective date  see attached. (See Doc. # 1321  October 1 and October 8 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on October 8, 2013 published in the Daily Record on October 4, 2013. Ordinance passed on October 22, 2013 published in the Daily Record on October 30, 2013. CCID # 1321  Motion by Gray that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Jerram ROLL CALL: Yeas: Melton, Pahls, Thompson, Gernandt, Gray, Jerram, Mr. President ORDINANCE # 39807  PASSED 7-0


Item 41

Ord. to approve an Amendment to Redevelopment Agreement between the City of Omaha, a Nebraska Municipal Corporation in Douglas County, Nebraska, and CO2, LLC, a Nebraska Limited Liability Company, as approved by Ordinance No. 39184, on December 13, 2011; to authorize payment in the amount of eighty-two thousand, four hundred seventy-one dollars and eight cents (**$82,471.08**) to reimburse CO2, LLC for storm water work performed at the City's request and located directly south of the **TIF** redevelopment project at 10th & Worthington Streets; authorizing payment for the cost of the services from Fund 13123, Org. 117217; and to provide for an effective date hereof  see attached. (See Doc. # 1324  October 1 and October 8 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on October 8, 2013 published in the Daily Record on October 4, 2013. Ordinance passed on October 22, 2013 published in the Daily Record on October 30, 2013. CCID # 1324  Motion by Gray that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Jerram ROLL CALL: Yeas: Melton, Pahls, Thompson, Gernandt, Gray, Jerram, Mr. President ORDINANCE # 39808  PASSED 7-0

Item 59
RESOLUTIONS 59. Res. that, the attached KETV Office and Studio Facility **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for the project site located at 1001 South 10th Street which proposes the adaptive reuse and conversion of the two-story, historic former Burlington Railroad Station into the office headquarters and studio facility for KETV, and includes the vacation of approximately 7,520 square feet of the existing South 9th Street right-of-way; recommending the City's participation through the allocation of **TIF** in an amount up to **$1,279,845.00** to offset **TIF** eligible costs such as acquisition, rehabilitation, site work, demolition, architectural and engineering fees, any environmental, as well as any public infrastructure improvements, but is subject to change as final costs come in; containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  over from 9/24/13 for publication and public hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1293  September 24 Meeting) THE FOLLOWING PERSONS APPEARED AND SPOKE: Proponents: David Barrett, Chairman & CEO, Hearst Television Ariel Roblin, General Manager, KETV, 2665 Douglas Street For the City: Bridget Hadley, Planning Department

Motion by Gray that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Thompson ROLL CALL: Yeas: Melton, Pahls, Thompson, Gernandt, Gray, Jerram, Mr. President Res. # 1293  ADOPTED 7-0 60. Res. that, the attached Mid-America Medical Office **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for the 5.47 acre redevelopment project site located at 7100 West Center Road which contemplates the complete demolition of the existing structure, the new construction of a 6-story, 120,000 square foot medical office building, more than 360 parking stalls, and also contemplates a new access ramp on West Center Road connecting to 72 nd Street south of the entrance to the project site, replacing the existing access ramp; recommending the City's participation through the allocation of **TIF** in an amount up to **$4,777,391.00** to offset **TIF** eligible costs such as acquisition, site preparation, architectural and engineering fees, and any public improvements as required including the new access ramp, but is subject to change as final costs come in; containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  over from 9/24/13 for publication and public hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1294  September 24 Meeting) Bridget Hadley, Planning Department, appeared and spoke. Motion by Gray that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Jerram ROLL CALL: Yeas: Melton, Pahls, Thompson, Gernandt, Gray, Jerram, Mr. President Res. # 1294  ADOPTED 7-0
Item 61
61. Res. that, the attached The Wire **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for the project site located at 100 South 19th Street which contemplates an adaptive re-use and conversion of the historically significant office building and headquarters of the former Northwestern Bell Telephone Company into nearly 300 market rate apartment units on the top 10 floors, ground floor commercial space and parking from the 2nd floor to the basement; recommending the City's participation through the allocation of **TIF** in an amount up to **$6,400,000.00** to offset **TIF** eligible costs such as acquisition, site prep, rehabilitation, architectural and engineering fees, environmental and any public improvements, but is subject to change as final costs come in; containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  over from 9/24/13 for publication and public hearing  had publication  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1295  September 24 Meeting)

THE FOLLOWING PERSONS APPEARED AND SPOKE: Proponent: Todd Heistand, Nu Style Development, 1524 Cuming Street For the City: Bridget Hadley, Planning Department Motion by Gray that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Jerram ROLL CALL: Yeas: Melton, Pahls, Thompson, Gernandt, Gray, Jerram, Mr. President Res. # 1295  ADOPTED 7-0


# 2013-11-05

Item 62
ORDINANCES ON FIRST READING 62. Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and Fair Deal, L.P., a Nebraska limited partnership, to implement the Village East Senior Apts **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan for a project located at the 2011 North 25th Street which contemplates the construction of an approximately 45,000 gross square feet, new three-story, forty (40) unit multi-family structure for individuals age 55 and older; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$163,992.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached.

CCID # 1493  Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on November 19, 2013 pursuant to City Council Rule VII H.


# 2013-11-19

Item 53

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and Fair Deal, L.P., a Nebraska limited partnership, to implement the Village East Senior Apts **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan for a project located at the 2011 North 25 th Street which contemplates the construction of an approximately 45,000 gross square feet, new three-story, forty (40) unit multi-family structure for individuals age 55 and older; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$163,992.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1493  November 5 Meeting) Michael Maroney, 2221 North 24th Street, appeared and spoke. CCID # 1493  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for November 26, 2013 as per City Charter requirements.

Item 63

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and HEARST PROPERTIES INC, a Delaware corporation, to implement the KETV Office and Studio Facility **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan located at 1001 South 10th Street which contemplates the adaptive reuse and conversion of the two-story, historic former Burlington Railroad Station into an approximately 47,000 square foot office headquarters and studio facility for KETV; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$1,279,845.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. CCID # 1525  Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on November 26, 2013 as per City Charter requirements.

Item 64

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and 100 South 19th Street, LLC, a Nebraska limited liability company, to implement The Wire **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan located at 100 South 19th Street which contemplates the adaptive re-use and conversion of a historically significant office building into a mix of uses, including market-rate apartments, 134 parking stalls within the building, commercial space on the ground floor and other apartment complex amenities; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$6,400,000.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. CCID # 1526  Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on November 26, 2013 as per City Charter requirements.


Item 65

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and 1011 SOUTH 30 TH AVE, LLC, a Nebraska limited liability company, to implement the 1011 South 30 th Avenue **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan located at 1011 South 30th Avenue which proposes the complete rehabilitation of a vacant, two-story multi-family structure into a 15 unit market-rate apartment building within the Park Avenue and Leavenworth neighborhoods; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$145,000.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. CCID # 1527  Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on November 26, 2013 as per City Charter requirements.


# 2013-11-26

Item 28

Res. that, in accordance with the Lottery Operator's Agreement with the City of Omaha, EHPV Lottery Services, LLC is granted approval to operate a Big Red satellite keno location at Twisted Post Bar & Grill, 14901 Industrial Road, in Omaha, Nebraska  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  CAN BE ADOPTED TODAY)) Katrina Coffey, Vice President of Marketing, Big Red Keno, 11248 John Galt Boulevard, appeared and spoke.


Motion by Gernandt that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Gray ROLL CALL: Yeas: Gray, Melton, Pahls, Thompson, Gernandt, Mr. President Pass: Jerram CITY CLERK CALLS THE ROLL AGAIN: ROLL CALL: Yeas: Gray, Melton, Pahls, Thompson, Gernandt, Mr. President Pass: Jerram Councilmember Jerram passed due to potential conflict of interest Res. # 1557  ADOPTED 6-0-1 Pass

CONSENT AGENDA

(Any member of the City Council may cause any item placed on the Consent Agenda to be removed there from. Items removed from the Consent Agenda shall be taken up by the City Council immediately following the Consent Agenda in the order in which they were removed unless otherwise taken out of order as otherwise provided by the City Council Rules of Order.) (The public hearings on Agenda Item Nos. 29 through 30 were held on November 19, 2013.) CONSENT AGENDA  ORDINANCES 29. Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and Fair Deal, L.P., a Nebraska limited partnership, to implement the Village East Senior Apts **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan for a project located at the 2011 North 25 th Street which contemplates the construction of an approximately 45,000 gross square feet, new three-story, forty (40) unit multi-family structure for individuals age 55 and older; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$163,992.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. (See Doc. # 1493  November 5 and November 19 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on November 19, 2013 published in the Daily Record on November 8, 2013. Ordinance passed on November 26, 2013 published in the Daily Record on December 4, 2013. CCID # 1493  Motion by Gernandt that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Gray ROLL CALL: Yeas: Gray, Jerram, Melton, Pahls, Thompson, Gernandt, Mr. President ORDINANCE # 39843  PASSED 7-0


Item 54

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and HEARST PROPERTIES INC, a Delaware corporation, to implement the KETV Office and Studio Facility **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan located at 1001 South 10th Street which contemplates the adaptive reuse and conversion of the two-story, historic former Burlington Railroad Station into an approximately 47,000 square foot office headquarters and studio facility for KETV; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$1,279,845.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1525  November 19 Meeting) Bridget Hadley, Planning Department, appeared and spoke. CCID # 1525  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for December 10, 2013 pursuant to City Council Rule VII H.

Item 55

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and 100 South 19th Street, LLC, a Nebraska limited liability company, to implement The Wire **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan located at 100 South 19th Street which contemplates the adaptive re-use and conversion of a historically significant office building into a mix of uses, including market-rate apartments, 134 parking stalls within the building, commercial space on the ground floor and other apartment complex amenities; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$6,400,000.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1526  November 19 Meeting) THE FOLLOWING PERSONS APPEARED AND SPOKE: Proponent: Todd Heistand, NuStyle Development, 2223 Dodge Street For the City: Bridget Hadley, Planning Department CCID # 1526  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for December 10, 2013 pursuant to City Council Rule VII H.


Item 56

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and 1011 SOUTH 30 TH AVE, LLC, a Nebraska limited liability company, to implement the 1011 South 30 th Avenue **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan located at 1011 South 30th Avenue which proposes the complete rehabilitation of a vacant, two-story multi-family structure into a 15 unit market-rate apartment building within the Park Avenue and Leavenworth neighborhoods; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$145,000.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1527  November 19 Meeting) Bridget Hadley, Planning Department, appeared and spoke. CCID # 1527  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for December 10, 2013 pursuant to City Council Rule VII H.


# 2013-12-10

Item 30

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and HEARST PROPERTIES INC, a Delaware corporation, to implement the KETV Office and Studio Facility **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan located at 1001 South 10th Street which contemplates the adaptive reuse and conversion of the two-story, historic former Burlington Railroad Station into an approximately 47,000 square foot office headquarters and studio facility for KETV; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$1,279,845.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. (See Doc. # 1525  November 19 and November 26 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on November 26, 2013 published in the Daily Record on November 22, 2013. Ordinance passed on December 10, 2013 published in the Daily Record on December 18, 2013. CCID # 1525  Motion by Gray that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Melton ROLL CALL: Yeas: Jerram, Melton, Pahls, Thompson, Gernandt, Gray, Mr. President ORDINANCE # 39853  PASSED 7-0

Item 31

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and 100 South 19th Street, LLC, a Nebraska limited liability company, to implement The Wire **Tax Increment Financing** Redevelopment Project Plan located at 100 South 19th Street which contemplates the adaptive re-use and conversion of a historically significant office building into a mix of uses, including market-rate apartments, 134 parking stalls within the building, commercial space on the ground floor and other apartment complex amenities; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$6,400,000.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. (See Doc. # 1526  November 19 and November 26 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on November 26, 2013 published in the Daily Record on November 22, 2013. Ordinance passed on December 10, 2013 published in the Daily Record on December 18, 2013.


CCID # 1526  Motion by Gray that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Melton ROLL CALL: Yeas: Jerram, Melton, Pahls, Thompson, Gernandt, Gray, Mr. President ORDINANCE # 39854  PASSED 7-0

Item 32

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and 1011 SOUTH 30 TH AVE, LLC, a Nebraska limited liability company, to implement the 1011 South 30 th Avenue **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan located at 1011 South 30th Avenue which proposes the complete rehabilitation of a vacant, two-story multi-family structure into a 15 unit market-rate apartment building within the Park Avenue and Leavenworth neighborhoods; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$145,000.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. (See Doc. # 1527  November 19 and November 26 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on November 26, 2013 published in the Daily Record on November 22, 2013. Ordinance passed on December 10, 2013 published in the Daily Record on December 18, 2013. CCID # 1527  Motion by Gray that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Melton ROLL CALL: Yeas: Jerram, Melton, Pahls, Thompson, Gernandt, Gray, Mr. President ORDINANCE # 39855  PASSED 7-0

Item 60
RESOLUTION 60. Res. that, the attached 9th & Jones **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for the project site located at 901 Jones and 716 South 9th Streets which proposes to redevelop this site into a mixed use development: market-rate apartments with ground floor commercial space and structured parking; recommending the City's participation through the allocation of **TIF** in an amount up to **$3,334,948.00** to offset **TIF** eligible costs such as acquisition, foundation demolition and excavation, site work, rehabilitation, architectural and engineering fees, and any public improvements as required, but is subject to change as final costs come in; containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  see attached. Notice of public hearing on January 7, 2014 published in the Daily Record and the Omaha World Herald on December 13, 2013. CCID # 1571  Over four weeks to January 7, 2014 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII H.

* * * * * * * * * * * * *


"PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII D THE PUBLIC HEARINGS ON AGENDA ITEM NOS. 61 THROUGH 62 SHALL BE HELD ON THE THIRD READING" ZONING ORDINANCES ON SECOND READING 61. Ord. to rescind the PUD-Planned Unit Development Overlay District for the property located at 9515 West Center Road, originally enacted under City Council Ordinance No. 38131 dated June 17, 2008; to rescind the Development Plan; and to provide for an effective date  see attached. (See Doc. # 1572  November 26 Meeting) CCID # 1572  ORDINANCE ON SECOND READING  Final reading to be held on December 17, 2013 as per City Charter requirements.

Item 69

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and TREI Partners, LLC, a Nebraska limited liability company, to implement the Mid-America Medical Office **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan located at 7100 West Center Road which proposes the complete demolition of the existing structure and the new construction of a 6-story, 120,000 square foot medical office building which will allow for a comprehensive approach to preventative healthcare, in addition to more than 360 parking stalls; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$4,777,391.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. CCID # 1630  Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on December 17, 2013 as per City Charter requirements.



# 2013-12-17

Item 52

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha and TREI Partners, LLC, a Nebraska limited liability company, to implement the Mid-America Medical Office **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan located at 7100 West Center Road which proposes the complete demolition of the existing structure and the new construction of a 6-story, 120,000 square foot medical office building which will allow for a comprehensive approach to preventative healthcare, in addition to more than 360 parking stalls; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$4,777,391.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and providing for an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 1630  December 10 Meeting) Bridget Hadley, Planning Department, appeared and spoke. CCID # 1630  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for December January 7, 2014 pursuant to City Council Rule VII H.

