All mentions of "TIF" in all available journals.

* [Source code](https://github.com/opennebraska/pri-tif/tree/master/cityofomaha.org)
* [All PDF, text files in Dropbox](https://www.dropbox.com/sh/lb1kwtfou7b2kg4/AACAZrrrBOnzRUmgK6ek14a1a?dl=0)



# 2017-01-10

Item 60

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha, a Nebraska Municipal Corporation in Douglas County, Nebraska, and ANANT ENTERPRISES, L.L.C., a Nebraska limited liability company, to implement the Hupmobile & Holiday Inn Express **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for a project site located southwest of 24th Avenue and Farnam Street which proposes the rehabilitation of the historic Hupmobile building and adjacent vacant lots, and the transformation of a former convenient store and gas station, and other vacant lots, into a new hotel, with adequate parking for both sites; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$4,000,000.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and, providing for an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (Doc. # 1728  December 20 Meeting) Bridget Hadley, Planning Department, appeared and spoke. CCID # 1728  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for January 24, 2017 pursuant to City Council Rule VII H.


# 2017-01-24

Item 24

Ord. approving a redevelopment and **tax increment financing** loan agreement between the City of Omaha, a Nebraska Municipal Corporation in Douglas County, Nebraska, and ANANT ENTERPRISES, L.L.C., a Nebraska limited liability company, to implement the Hupmobile & Holiday Inn Express **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for a project site located southwest of 24th Avenue and Farnam Street which proposes the rehabilitation of the historic Hupmobile building and adjacent vacant lots, and the transformation of a former convenient store and gas station, and other vacant lots, into a new hotel, with adequate parking for both sites; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$4,000,000.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and, providing for an effective date  see attached. (Doc. # 1728  December 20 and January 10 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on January 10, 2017 published in the Daily Record on December 23, 2016. Ordinance passed on January 24, 2017 published in the Daily Record on February 1, 2017. CCID # 1728  Ordinance Read Motion by Jerram that the Ordinance be PASSED AS AMENDED Seconded by Festersen ROLL CALL: Yeas: Melton, Pahls, Thompson, Festersen, Gernandt, Jerram, Mr. President ORDINANCE # 41022 - PASSED AS AMENDED 7-0 a. Amendment requested by the Planning Department  see attached. CCID # 1728  Motion by Jerram that the Amendment be approved Seconded by Festersen ROLL CALL: Yeas: Melton, Pahls, Thompson, Festersen, Gernandt, Jerram, Mr. President Motion Carried 7-0


Item 81
ORDINANCES ON FIRST READING 81. Ord. declaring the necessity of acquiring, for use by the City of Omaha, the necessary private property for the purpose of the Lumberyard District Project, identified as OPW 52766; providing that the City negotiate with the property owners for land acquisition, permanent easements and temporary construction easements, providing that if said parcel cannot be obtained by negotiation, condemnation proceedings be undertaken and completed; and, providing for the effective date hereof  see attached. CCID # 122  Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on January 31, 2017 as per City Charter requirements. 82. Ord. approving a redevelopment and **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Agreement between the City of Omaha and 18th Street Omaha, LLC, a Nebraska limited liability company, to implement the World Hotel **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for a redevelopment project located at 203 South 18th Street, which provides for the adaptive re-use and conversion of an older, vacant office building into a boutique hotel; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$1,900,000.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and, providing for an effective date  see attached. CCID # 123  Publication to be made and public hearing to be held on January 31, 2017 as per City Charter requirements.



# 2017-01-31

Item 63
ORDINANCES ON SECOND READING 63. Ord. declaring the necessity of acquiring, for use by the City of Omaha, the necessary private property for the purpose of the Lumberyard District Project, identified as OPW 52766; providing that the City negotiate with the property owners for land acquisition, permanent easements and temporary construction easements, providing that if said parcel cannot be obtained by negotiation, condemnation proceedings be undertaken and completed; and, providing for the effective date hereof  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 122 - January 24 Meeting) CCID # 122  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for February 7, 2017 as per City Charter requirements. 64. Ord. approving a redevelopment and **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Agreement between the City of Omaha and 18th Street Omaha, LLC, a Nebraska limited liability company, to implement the World Hotel **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for a redevelopment project located at 203 South 18th Street, which provides for the adaptive re-use and conversion of an older, vacant office building into a boutique hotel; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$1,900,000.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and, providing for an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 123 - January 24 Meeting) CCID # 123  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for February 7, 2017 as per City Charter requirements. 65. Spec. Ord. levying a special tax assessment for the removal of litter in accordance with Sections 18-21 through 18-30 of the Omaha Municipal Code on certain lots in the City of Omaha (Group No. 2017-04)  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 124 - January 24 Meeting) CCID # 124  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for February 7, 2017 as per City Charter requirements.



# 2017-02-07

Item 10
LIQUOR 10. CLASS "I"  Nail Bar Corporation, dba "Nail Bar", 1842-46 North 144th Street. New application, New location. Property posted: 01-25-17; Notification sent: 01-27-17  see attached. ((YOU HAVE YOUR HEARING ON THE APPLICATION BUT YOUR MOTION SOULD BE TO ADOPT A RESOLUTION EITHER TO GRANT OR DENY)) Andrew M. Collins, 10330 Regency Parkway Drive, Attorney for the applicant, appeared and spoke. Application read Motion by Melton that the Resolution to GRANT be ADOPTED AS AMENDED Seconded by Thompson ROLL CALL: Yeas: Thompson, Festersen, Gernandt, Melton, Pahls, Mr. President RESOLUTION # 161 - ADOPTED AS AMENDED 6-0 a. Communication from Andrew M. Collins, Attorney representing Nail Bar Corporation, dba "Nail Bar", 1842-46 North 144th Street, requesting to amend the application for a Class "I" Liquor License to license the Wine area only approx. 14.7' x 6.0'  see attached. CCID # 161  Motion by Melton that the Amendment be approved Seconded by Jerram ROLL CALL: Yeas: Thompson, Festersen, Gernandt, Melton, Pahls, Mr. President Motion Carried 6-0 11. Goodman, LLC, dba "Old Dundee Bar & Grill", 4964 Dodge Street, request permission for a CHANGE OF LOCATION of their present Class "C" Liquor License to be located at 7024 Maple Street. Property posted: 01-25-17; Notification sent: 01-27-17  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  MOTION NEEDED TO APPROVE OR NOT TO APPROVE)) THE FOLLOWING PERSONS APPEARED AND SPOKE: PROPONENTS: Eric Franz, 4806 Cuming Street, for Old Dundee Bar & Grill Kelly West, 1109 Howard Street, for Old Dundee Bar & Grill CCID # 162 - Motion by Festersen that the request be approved if the church located within 150 feet does not object at a hearing before the Nebraska Liquor Control Commission pursuant to NRS 53-177(2) Seconded by Gernandt ROLL CALL: Yeas: Thompson, Festersen, Gernandt, Melton, Pahls, Mr. President Motion Carried 6-0


a. Communication from Buster Brown, City Clerk re: Goodman, LLC, dba "Old Dundee Bar & Grill", 4964 Dodge Street, CHANGE OF LOCATION to 7024 Maple Street  see attached. # 162  From Chair on File b. Communication opposing the CHANGE OF LOCATION for Goodman, LLC, dba "Old Dundee Bar & Grill", 4964 Dodge Street, to 7024 Maple Street  see attached. # 162  From Chair on File 12. Curri, Inc., dba "Curri Fine Indian Cuisine", 1028 South 74th Plaza, request permission to appoint Satyaprakash V. Dhanalakoti manager of their present Class "I" Liquor License location  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY  MOTION NEEDED TO APPROVE OR NOT TO APPROVE)) Satyaprakash V. Dhanalakoti, 103 South 173rd Avenue Circle, appeared and spoke. CCID # 163 - Motion by Festersen that the request be approved Seconded by Jerram ROLL CALL: Yeas: Thompson, Festersen, Gernandt, Melton, Pahls, Mr. President Motion Carried 6-0 CONSENT AGENDA (Any member of the City Council may cause any item placed on the Consent Agenda to be removed. Items removed from the Consent Agenda shall be taken up by the City Council immediately following the Consent Agenda in the order in which they were removed unless otherwise provided by the City Council Rules of Order.) (The public hearings on Agenda Item Nos. 13 through 14 were held on January 31, 2017.) CONSENT AGENDA  ORDINANCES 13. Ord. declaring the necessity of acquiring, for use by the City of Omaha, the necessary private property for the purpose of the Lumberyard District Project, identified as OPW 52766; providing that the City negotiate with the property owners for land acquisition, permanent easements and temporary construction easements, providing that if said parcel cannot be obtained by negotiation, condemnation proceedings be undertaken and completed; and, providing for the effective date hereof  see attached. (See Doc. # 122  January 24 and January 31 Meetings)


Notice of public hearing on January 31, 2017 published in the Daily Record on January 27, 2017. Ordinance passed on February 7, 2017 published in the Daily Record on February 15, 2017. CCID # 122  Motion by Gernandt that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Jerram ROLL CALL: Yeas: Thompson, Festersen, Gernandt, Melton, Pahls, Mr. President ORDINANCE # 41046 - PASSED 6-0 14. Ord. approving a redevelopment and **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Agreement between the City of Omaha and 18th Street Omaha, LLC, a Nebraska limited liability company, to implement the World Hotel **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for a redevelopment project located at 203 South 18th Street, which provides for the adaptive re-use and conversion of an older, vacant office building into a boutique hotel; the agreement authorizes the use of up to **$1,900,000.00** in excess ad valorem taxes (**TIF**) generated by the development to help fund the cost of the project; and, providing for an effective date  see attached. (See Doc. # 123  January 24 and January 31 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on January 31, 2017 published in the Daily Record on January 27, 2017. Ordinance passed on February 7, 2017 published in the Daily Record on February 15, 2017. CCID # 123  Motion by Gernandt that the Ordinance be passed Seconded by Jerram ROLL CALL: Yeas: Thompson, Festersen, Gernandt, Melton, Pahls, Mr. President ORDINANCE # 41047 - PASSED 6-0 ((MOTION NEEDED THAT THE ORDINANCES ON THE CONSENT AGENDA BE PASSED)) * * * * * * * * * * * * * *


(The public hearings on Agenda Item Nos. 15 through 25 are today. If you wish to address the City Council regarding these items, please come to the microphone, indicate the Agenda Item Number you wish to address, identify yourself by your name, address, who you represent, and if you are a proponent or opponent.) CONSENT AGENDA  RESOLUTIONS 15. Res. that, as recommended by the Mayor, the contract with Point Construction and Management for OPW 52751, being the Missouri River Wastewater Treatment Plant High Pressure Biogas Compressor Replacement Project, is hereby approved; and that, the Finance Department is authorized to pay the cost of **$489,190.00** for OPW 52751 from the Sewer Revenue Improvements Fund 21124, Capital Asset Replacement Program Organization 116913  see attached. Motion by Festersen that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Gernandt ROLL CALL: Yeas: Thompson, Festersen, Gernandt, Melton, Pahls, Mr. President RESOLUTION # 164 - ADOPTED 6-0 16. Res. that, as recommended by the Mayor, Amendment No. 4 to the Professional Services Agreement with Kirkham Michael and Associates, Inc. to provide construction phase services for OPW 51997b, being the Missouri Avenue/Spring Lake Park Sewer Separation Phase 2 Project, is hereby approved; and that, the Finance Department is authorized to pay an additional **$256,832.00** for these services to be paid from the Sewer Revenue Improvements Fund 21124, CSO Control Implementation Organization 116918. Sewer Revenue Bonds will be issued to finance this project for fiscal year 2017  see attached. Motion by Festersen that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Gernandt ROLL CALL: Yeas: Thompson, Festersen, Gernandt, Melton, Pahls, Mr. President RESOLUTION # 166 - ADOPTED 6-0 17. Res. that, the speed limits be changed and/or established as follows: West Center Road from 18600 West to 19200 West  45. Prior resolutions setting the boundaries and speed limits for specific areas to the contrary are hereby accordingly amended  see attached. Motion by Festersen that the Resolution be adopted Seconded by Gernandt ROLL CALL: Yeas: Thompson, Festersen, Gernandt, Melton, Pahls, Mr. President RESOLUTION # 167 - ADOPTED 6-0


Item 26
ORDINANCES ON FINAL READING 26. Spec. Ord. levying a special tax assessment for the removal of litter in accordance with Sections 18-21 through 18-30 of the Omaha Municipal Code on certain lots in the City of Omaha (Group No. 2017-04)  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING HELD 1/31/17  CAN BE PASSED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 124  January 24 and January 31 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on January 31, 2017 published in the Daily Record on January 24, 2017. Special Ordinance passed on February 7, 2017 published in the Daily Record on February 15, 2017. CCID # 124  Special Ordinance read Motion by Festersen that the Special Ordinance be PASSED AS AMENDED Seconded by Jerram ROLL CALL: Yeas: Pahls, Thompson, Festersen, Gernandt, Melton, Mr. President SPECIAL ORDINANCE # 10207 - PASSED AS AMENDED 6-0 a. Amendment requested by the Parks, Recreation and Public Property Department  see attached. # 124 - Motion by Festersen that the Amendment be approved Seconded by Jerram ROLL CALL: Yeas: Pahls, Thompson, Festersen, Gernandt, Melton, Mr. President Motion Carried 6-0 27. Spec. Ord. levying a special tax assessment for cutting and clearing weeds, grass and worthless vegetation in accordance with Sections 18-21 through 18-30 of the Omaha Municipal Code on certain lots in the City of Omaha (Group No. 2017-05)  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING HELD 1/31/17  CAN BE PASSED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 125  January 24 and January 31 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on January 31, 2017 published in the Daily Record on January 24, 2017. Special Ordinance passed on February 7, 2017 published in the Daily Record on February 15, 2017. CCID # 125  Special Ordinance read Motion by Festersen that the Special Ordinance be PASSED AS AMENDED Seconded by Melton ROLL CALL: Yeas: Pahls, Thompson, Festersen, Gernandt, Melton, Mr. President SPECIAL ORDINANCE # 10208 - PASSED AS AMENDED 6-0


a. Amendment requested by the Parks, Recreation and Public Property Department  see attached. # 125 - Motion by Festersen that the Amendment be approved Seconded by Jerram ROLL CALL: Yeas: Pahls, Thompson, Festersen, Gernandt, Melton, Mr. President Motion Carried 6-0 28. Spec. Ord. levying a special tax assessment for cutting and clearing weeds, grass and worthless vegetation in accordance with Sections 18-21 through 18-30 of the Omaha Municipal Code on certain lots in the City of Omaha (Group No. 2017-06)  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING HELD 1/31/17  CAN BE PASSED TODAY)) (See Doc. # 126  January 24 and January 31 Meetings) Notice of public hearing on January 31, 2017 published in the Daily Record on January 24, 2017. Special Ordinance passed on February 7, 2017 published in the Daily Record on February 15, 2017. CCID # 126  Special Ordinance read Motion by Melton that the Special Ordinance be PASSED AS AMENDED Seconded by Festersen ROLL CALL: Yeas: Pahls, Thompson, Festersen, Gernandt, Melton, Mr. President SPECIAL ORDINANCE # 10209 - PASSED AS AMENDED 6-0 a. Amendment requested by the Parks, Recreation and Public Property Department  see attached. # 126 - Motion by Festersen that the Amendment be approved Seconded by Melton ROLL CALL: Yeas: Pahls, Thompson, Festersen, Gernandt, Melton, Mr. President Motion Carried 6-0


"PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII F AGENDA ITEM NOS. 29 THROUGH 30 SHALL BE LAID OVER THREE WEEKS FOR PUBLICATION AND PUBLIC HEARING" RESOLUTIONS 29. Res. that, the attached The Hub **Tax Increment Financing** (**TIF**) Redevelopment Project Plan for a redevelopment site located at 1605 Nicholas Street which proposes the renovation of an existing 14,335 square foot building, along with parking and site improvements on a parcel of approximately .80 acres, recommending the City's participation through the alloca tion of **TIF** in an amount up to **$300,000.00** to offset **TIF** eligible expenses such as for building acquisition, construction costs involved in the rehabilitation of the structure, architectural and engineering fees and public improvements, but is subject to change as final costs come in, containing a provision for the division of ad valorem taxes under Section 18-2147 through 18-2150, Revised Statutes of Nebraska, as recommended by the City Planning Department, be and hereby is approved  see attached. Notice of public hearing on February 28, 2017 published in the Daily Record and Omaha World-Herald February 9, 2017 and February 16, 2017. CCID # 171  Over three weeks to February 28, 2017 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII F. 30. Res. that, the amendment to the Southeast of 72nd and F Streets CRA to include an adjacent area located within Census Tract 70.03, Block Group 1, consisting of approximately 89.3 acres, resulting in a 124.5 acre area generally bounded by Interstate Highway I-80 to the north, the Keystone drainageway to the east, Union Pacific Railroad Right-of-Way to the south and South 72nd Street to the west, is hereby declared to meet the standards of a substandard and blighted area in need of redevelopment in compliance with the requirements of Nebraska Community Development Law and is hereby designated a community redevelopment area  see attached. Notice of public hearing on February 28, 2017 published in the Daily Record and Omaha World-Herald February 9, 2017 and February 16, 2017. CCID # 172  Over three weeks to February 28, 2017 for publication and public hearing pursuant to City Council Rule VII F. * * * * * * * * * * * * *


"PURSUANT TO CITY COUNCIL RULE VII D, THE PUBLIC HEARINGS ON AGENDA ITEM NOS. 31 THROUGH 38 SHALL BE HELD ON THE THIRD READING" ZONING ORDINANCES ON SECOND READING 31. Ord. to rezone the property located northwest of 19th and Corby Streets from R5Urban Family Residential District and GC-General Commercial District to R5Urban Family Residential District. (See Doc. # 141  January 31 Meeting) CCID # 141  ORDINANCE ON SECOND READING  Final reading to be held February 14, 2017 as per City Charter requirements. 32. Ord. to rezone an area bound by Emile/Jones Street on the north, 38th Avenue on the east, Leavenworth Street on the south and 42nd Street on the west from R7-Medium-Density Multiple-Family Residential District, GI-General Industrial District and CC-Community Commercial District to GO-General Office District (property is also located within an existing ACI-1 (PL)-Area of Civic Importance Overlay District). (See Doc. # 143  January 31 Meeting) CCID # 143  ORDINANCE ON SECOND READING  Final reading to be held February 14, 2017 as per City Charter requirements. 33. Ord. to rescind the PUD-Planned Unit Development Overlay District for the property located southwest of 60th and State Streets, originally enacted under City Council Document No. 5070 dated November 2, 1971; to rescind the Development Plan; and, to provide for an effective date  see attached. (See Doc. # 144  January 31 Meeting) CCID # 144  ORDINANCE ON SECOND READING  Final reading to be held February 14, 2017 as per City Charter requirements. 34. Ord. to rezone property located southwest of 60th and State Streets from R6Low-Density Multiple-Family Residential District to R3-Single-Family Residential District (Medium Density). (See Doc. # 145  January 31 Meeting) CCID # 145  ORDINANCE ON SECOND READING  Final reading to be held February 14, 2017 as per City Charter requirements. 35. Ord. to rezone property located southwest of 144th Street and Potter Parkway from AG-Agricultural District to R4-Single-Family Residential District (High Density). (See Doc. # 148  January 31 Meeting)


CCID # 148  ORDINANCE ON SECOND READING  Final reading to be held February 14, 2017 as per City Charter requirements. 36. Ord. to rezone property located southeast of 165th Street and West Maple Road from DR-Development Reserve District to R6-Low-Density Multiple-Family Residential District. (See Doc. # 152  January 31 Meeting) CCID # 152  ORDINANCE ON SECOND READING  Final reading to be held February 14, 2017 as per City Charter requirements. 37. Ord. to rezone property located southeast of 165th Street and West Maple Road from DR-Development Reserve District to MU-Mixed Use District (portions of the property lie within the flood fringe and floodway overlay district). (See Doc. # 153  January 31 Meeting) CCID # 153  ORDINANCE ON SECOND READING  Final reading to be held February 14, 2017 as per City Charter requirements. 38. Ord. to approve the Mixed Use District Development Agreement for Ginger Creek to allow for a new gas station and two (2) new office buildings, located southeast of 165th Street and West Maple Road, between the City of Omaha and Gerald E. Palmer, providing site development standards; and, to provide for an effective date  see attached. (See Doc. # 156  January 31 Meeting) CCID # 156  ORDINANCE ON SECOND READING  Final reading to be held February 14, 2017 as per City Charter requirements. * * * * * * * * * * * * * ORDINANCES ON SECOND READING 39. Ord. to increase the previously contracted appropriations to Swanson Russell to an amount not to exceed five hundred thousand dollars (**$500,000.00**) per year for advertising and marketing services for the Omaha Convention and Visitors Bureau; to authorize the payments specified therein; and, to provide an effective date  see attached. ((PUBLIC HEARING TODAY)) (See Doc. # 121  January 31 Meeting) CCID # 121  Public hearing was held today  Final reading set for February 14, 2017 as per City Charter requirements.


